Small MachinesbyBjoern JoergensenChapter 1: Call TerminatedIt was a light-deficient night with wind velocities between 89 and 102 km/h.Darkness always prevailed on level zero in London, but at night, it assumed an evenmore oppressive quality than during the day. At least on the higher levels you had therelentless light from the giant ad-screens, but the people living down here didnOt have muchmoney to spend anyway, so why try convincing them that they couldnOt live without theJeeves2200 butler android.Although the sun didnOt dare venture this far down, the rain had no such qualms, and asa result, it was raining cats, dogs and other medium-sized pets. It was the kind of rain thatseemed more like an assault by a malevolent intelligence than a natural phenomenon, and hadthe man now running through a dark narrow street not been scared out of his mind heprobably would have cursed. But as it were, hewasrunning and hewasscared so he didnOt.The man appeared to be around thirty, with thinning black hair and a receding hairline.His features were angular, his frame slight and the way he moved, panic-ridden glances overhis shoulder aside, indicated a man much more used to sitting at a desk than performing anykind of physical activity in excess of tapping away at a keyboard.1
This might have been a normal sight a hundred years ago, but in the year 22381whereeven the lowest-paid member of the middle class could afford body-sculpting treatments, itwas a rarity usually reserved for members of the anti-gene movement or the truly geeky.His chest was burning and his lungs felt about the size of walnuts. Very small walnuts,filled with lava. The hot kind. The stinging sensation in his side was getting unbearable andhis legs were only moving because they hadnOt realised that their owner had run out energy along time ago.How did this happen? What the HELL was going on? This didnOt make sense! Whywould anybody want him dead?All these questions were extremely valid, but when youOve just been shot at multipletimes by two very serious-looking men who wear sunglasses at night-time, you donOt tend toponder them in a stationary position.So he kept running through the litter-strewn streets, along boarded up windows, paststreet lights that were mostly broken or flickering. Above him, the huge buildings seemed tocontinue into the sky endlessly, oblivious to the decay of their own foundations.OShit shit shit shitEO the running man muttered breathlessly. He needed to upload assoon as possible and his neural wireless implant would take too long with this amount ofdata. He needed a hard-link.Finally, turning a corner, he saw what he had been looking for: a com-station.He stopped at the terminal and froze. No sounds. Maybe he had finally lost them.Probably not, it was hard to hear anything over the noise of the rain. They didnOt seem like thesort of men who would give up easily. Never mind, he had to focus now. There were thingsto do and precautions to be taken before it was too late. Turning his attention to the screen hequickly swiped his wrist across the scanner and let out a relieved sigh when it flickered andcame to life. He started typing frantically. So much to do, he had to be quick! Patting aroundthe side of the terminal, his hands found what he was looking for. Thank Dawkins nobodyhad ripped off the neural interface, as was often the case on these public terminals.1.No flying cars yet. Sorry.2
Mankind had made many advances over the last few hundred years, but apparently thedesire to break things that didnOt belong to them was a human trait, which defied the theoriesof Darwin. Either that, or vandalism was considered essential for survival by Mother Nature.The cable came free easily and he inserted the jack into the connector on his wrist.Immediately his eyes glazed over, his shoulders slumped and the screen turned into a seriesof shifting images and text, changing too quickly for the eye to follow.A whole minute passed this way before faint footfalls could be heard through the heavydownpour. Around the corner came two men in stylish black trench coats, wearingsunglasses.They looked almost identical, with slicked-back blonde hair and no discernable trace ofemotion on their faces. They came to a complete halt when they saw their target at theterminal. After a brief scan of their surroundings they walked up behind the man, pulled outguns and each fired once into his back. The only indications of their shots were the two smallsmoking holes appearing in the manOs shirt. With the noise of the rain, nothing was heard.The man at the terminal gave two small jerks in quick succession, raised the corners ofhis mouth in what looked like a content smile and collapsed to the ground. With the interfacecable still attached to his wrist, his right arm was pointing straight up, making him look like adead man trying to hail a cab, which was 50% accurate.The two killers gave the screen a quick glance, looked at each other, shrugged and left.3
Chapter 2: Rude AwakeningsSebastian opened his eyes. The sun was extremely bright and without sunglasses he hadto blink for a few seconds before he managed to see anything. In the meantime he was awareof the sound of waves breaking and the smell of sand and seawater.His eyes having finally adjusted he was able to confirm what his senses had been tellinghim: He was sitting on a beach.It was one of those beaches you only saw in commercials, where the water is a clearblue, the sand fine-grained and undisturbed, and the only inhabitants some unrealisticallybeautiful couple eating chocolate or spraying deodorant on themselves.It seemed to continue endlessly in both directions, and as far as he could see there wasno one else around. This was probably a good thing, since he then wouldnOt have to explainwhy he was sitting on a beach in a leather recliner wearing a crumbled suit and a beige trenchcoat.Before he could give the situation any further thought, a figure rose out of the water.Not just a figure on second thought, but a magnificent figure. In slow motion a goddess of awoman burst through the surface and pulled back her long blonde hair in one smoothmovement. She immediately locked eyes with him and started wading through the watertowards him.Sebastian was mesmerised. All the bouncy bits were bouncing and all the swaying bitsswaying, and he was helpless to do anything but sit there with his mouth open in the timelessexpression of sophisticated intelligence that has forever been the prerogative of the malegender when confronted with female beauty.Closer and closer she came until she was right in front of him, at which point shestraddled him and put her face close enough to his that he could make out the fine downyhairs on her face.4
He puckered up and made his move. His aim must have been worse than he thoughtthough because he apparently missed her mouth. Instead he was surprised to find her lickinghis face quite enthusiastically. Not that he had any complaints about the situation in general,but his forehead and eyebrows were not among his most erogenous zones, and his face wasstarting to get wet in a drippy way.He was about to say something when his vision started swimming, and the blondeslowly went out of focus.Sebastian opened his eyes again, not realising heOd closed them, and looked into a pairof big brown eyes, five inches from his face. He blinked, and was rewarded with another bigsloppy lick across his face from Halfie, his pet terrier.Bringing himself quickly out of the reach of wet canine affection, he surveyed hissurroundings. It was a small, dark and dusty room, filled with bookshelves, filing cabinetsand stacks of papers mixed with half-empty take-away containers. He was sitting at a deskthat was equally grubby and messy, and the fact that Halfie had been able to balance on topof the office debris, which constituted the entire surface of the desk, was testament to thedogOs extraordinary abilities.Looking at Halfie anyone would think this was a normal, albeit overly affectionate,terrier. If you were only looking at him straight from the front that is. Shifting your visionaround to the side of the dog, the fact that he didnOt have any fur or skin from his midsectionto his tail would convince most people that this was no ordinary dog. Add to this that whereyouOd expect to see exposed muscle and sinew, shiny intricately interlocking pieces of metalplates and cables were moving around.Sebastian exhaled deeply upon the realisation that he had once again fallen asleep in hisoffice. Checking the time, it was almost noon, but the room was still dark. He kicked thewindow and the daylight generator buzzed into life, flooding the room with gentle sunlightthrough the blinds. The blinds were always down, but opened slightly, as was befitting amusty office belonging to a private investigator. At least if youOd been watching too manyblack and white movies from the 21stcentury, which Sebastian definitely had.5
The room didnOt improve much by the added artificial daylight. On the contrary,whatever spark of optimism might have been generated was quickly subdued now that thethickness of the dust could be more accurately estimated and the take-away remainsidentified as something that was best left uneaten even when it was fresh, and shouldprobably be shot, burned or buried. Ideally all of the above.After gently nudging Halfie aside while doing his best to dodge wet doggie kisses,Sebastian fumbled around the desk for the intercom and upon finding it, pressed a big redbutton and rasped: OGladys! Coffee!OORight away Mr. Poe!O came the surprisingly cheerful female voice in immediateanswer.Sebastian only had to wait five seconds before Gladys opened the door (shoving aside acollapsed stack of something better left anonymous) and stomped into the room with all thegrace of an epileptic vending machine, carrying a steaming cup. Halfie immediately jumpeddown from the desk and began running around her feet while barking excitedly.OCareful with the cup this time, donOt spill it! IOve got some very important documentsand leads andE things on my desk,O Sebastian said in a hurry, trying his most authoritativevoice and look, including raised eyebrows.OYes sir! IOll do my best sir! IOm sure your clients all sleep better, knowing that intimatedetails of their lives are carefully filed away under several layers of dust and various otherdebris of your life.OSomehow she managed to pull this off with complete innocence, once again makingSebastian wonder whether she was taking the piss. Mind you it was a bit hard to read Gladys,with her not having an actual face with which to show expressions and all.HeOd bought her cheaply from a friend of his called Calvin who made a living sellingrefurbished hardware. This included artificial life forms like Gladys, who for one reason oranother had ended up in his hands. It was better not to ask how, unless you were ready for anhour of the most elaborate lying youOd ever heard, but Sebastian did sometimes wonder how aformer infantry robot ended up refurbished as a receptionist called Gladys. The military6
origin did go a long way to convince him that she was not capable of sarcasm though, andthereforenottaking the piss half the time.She precariously balanced the cup on top of the stack of papers which seemed the leastlikely to topple within the next few minutes, wherefrom Sebastian quickly snatched it,cradled it in his hands and started taking slurping sips. The coffee tasted like someone hadmade it last week, using last yearOs beans in a coffee machine from the previous century, andthen quickly reheated it for the occasion; which was actually a very accurate description ofthe process involved. Any modern coffee machine could make perfectly aromatic andsmooth-tasting coffee, but to achieve true, authentic, bitter, black cups of horribleness youhad to make an effort. And in that department Sebastianalwaysmade an effort. You couldnOtbe a proper private eye without plenty of foul-tasting coffee. Just like you couldnOt be onewithout a trench coat, fedora and an addiction to at least two substances (besides coffee)which werenOt good for you. People who claimed otherwise were just pale imitations of thereal thing. Sure they might "solve cases" and "make money", but they lackedstyledamnit!And where were you without style? Nowhere. Right. Glad we settled that.OBusy night, working late sir?O Gladys inquired.OEhhhh, yeahE. There were some loose ends I needed to tie up in the Peterson case.OOWould that be the same Peterson case which was resolved last month and for whichweOve already been paid?O she continued.OErrrr, well, I guess thattechnicallyit was resolved, but there were certain aspects that IdidnOt feel completely comfortable with, and I thought it would be the conscientious thing to,you know, look into them,O he replied giving her what he thought was his most benign smile.It actually looked more like he was suffering from indigestion and was at that momentsuppressing a considerable amount of intestinal gases.OSo you werenOt just sitting in your office all night feeling sorry for yourself anddrinking Jock Daniels2then?O she persisted.7
OWhat? Of course not! That would be completely irresponsible given that I havenOt gotany new cases and really should be working at getting some, now wouldnOt it? And whenhave you ever seen me act irresponsibly? Eh?OOEO Gladys said.OEO she continued.OEO she concluded.OOh all right! Enough already! YES I was in the office moping and YES I drank a bottleof Jock Daniels, but so fucking what? I deserve a break once in a while; IOm under a lot ofpressure you know!OFor someone without visible eyes, Gladys was extremely good at staring you intosubmission. He didnOt know how she did it, but he had yet to not buckle under the pressure ofher faceless gaze.OAnyway, something will come up. IOm hungry, IOll be at HongOs,O Sebastian saiddismissively while getting up, padding his pockets and looking searchingly around the room.OYour hat is under the third pizza box from the left and youOre out of ozone sticks,OGladys offered helpfully.Sebastian retrieved the hat, brushing off a few stray crumbs, mumbled a thank you andwalked past Gladys towards the door to his office. Exiting the office he entered the tinylobby, which was GladysO domain. It consisted of a small, grey metal desk and matching chairright next to the office door, a bright orange bean bag and a picture on the wall depicting apuppy with big, brown pleading eyes. In the far corner next to the main entrance was a smalltable upon which rested a gurgling, foul-smelling monstrosity, which could only be thecoffee-machine. Two large strides were all it took for him to cross the room to the main2.A drink made with an artificial variant of alcohol called fake-ohol. Intended as a jokeitem it had none of the positive aspects of alcohol, but all the negative ones. This meant that itwould make you lose control of your faculties, but without the usual lifting of the spirit. Youwould still wake up with a massive hangover though. It also came in a variety of originalflavours. Like strawberry.8
entrance, closely followed by Halfie. Just as he opened the door, Gladys exited his office andsat down at her desk.ODonOt eat too much, it might make you sluggish and prevent you from performing atyour peak the rest of the day sir.O She said dryly without looking up.Oh yes. Definitely taking the piss.9
Chapter 3: Heart Attack with ToastSebastian really was quite hung over, but he knew that a Hong special would makeeverything all right again. Taking the decrepit, urine-smelling stairs one floor down to streetlevel, he ambled out of the building.The street was heaving with people, and it being the height of summer, the heat, noiseand odours of a bustling metropolis was an assault on all senses. An assault armed to theteeth, wearing full body armour and underwear that hadn't been changed in weeks. Thestreets of London were always busy, but lunchtime was pure mayhem, much to SebastianOsannoyance as it was usually around that time he got up every day, except for the days whenhe slept in. The air above the street was also a jungle of traffic. A multitude of hover-vehicles3in all shapes and sizes were whizzing past each other on multiple levels and wouldsurely crash into each other if not for the computer controlled navigation.Thankfully, his regular watering hole, HongOs, was located directly beneath his office,making the trip there tolerable. He had tried on many occasions to persuade grand-pa Hong toknock a hole through the ceiling, allowing them to feed SebastianOs addiction withoutnecessitating him leaving his office, but for some reason grand-pa Hong didnOt think that adirect conduit to SebastianOs office would be a sanitary decision for his establishment. Atleast thatOs what Sebastian thought he meant when he said that heOd rather stick his head into avat of human excrement while singing OGod Save the QueenO than break down his only line ofdefence against the breeding ground of undiscovered life forms that was SebastianOs office.HongOs was a traditional all licence store, selling pretty much everything under the sunas well as a fair amount of items over it, to the sides and in the cushions behind it. They nevershut, as the Hong family was big enough to keep the counters manned and womanned 24/7.Lunchtime meant that most of the customers there at the moment were there for food though,3.Of course there are flying cars, itOs the future!10
and today the line was longer than usual. HeOd be damned if heOd stand at the back of thatline, so he pushed past the throng of people, Halfie growling and yapping at anyone whodidnOt move out of the way quickly enough, and made it to the food counter without anyonevoicing protests. He did get plenty of British Stares of Disapprovalthough, but they donOtmean much to a man who sleeps in his suit.Behind the counter stood his friend Will, the youngest of the family, and was engagedin what could only be described as glacier-speed coffee making. His older sister Nyala wasstanding behind him with an expression of extreme irritation and impotent rage on her face.She spotted Sebastian and immediately jumped past Will to the counter and grabbed his arm.OPlease Sebastian! YouOre his friend, talk some sense into him!O she pleaded, her voicefull of hope and relief.OEhh, sureE whatOs the problem?OOHe insists on making that new concept coffee for all the customers even though this isthe busiest time of day, and each cup takes him about 5 minutes!OThroughout the whole sentence her voice had been increasing in volume and pitch, onlyto end with the last word as a screech that could shatter glass.OWhy does it take him so long?O Sebastian inquired.OYOU ask him!O she stated firmly, drawing back form the counter with her armscrossed, glaring menacingly in WillOs direction.Will had obviously followed the exchange, and as Sebastian turned towards him he hadjust finished pushing a steaming cup across the counter to a very eager looking customer. Heturned towards his sister with an exasperated look on his face, bringing his open handstogether in front of him.OLook Nyala, grand-pa is backing this 100%! I have his permission to try it out, and youshould just let me do it in peace!OOBut itOs retarded!O she shouted, veins bulging on her thin neck.ONo it isnOt!O Will insisted. OItOs an original concept, good for the soul and people like it!OOEhh, what is the concept Will?O Sebastian interrupted.11
With a final defiant stare at Nyala, Will turned to look at Sebastian.OItOs something I came up with the other day, and itOs brilliant! Get this: Tai Chi LatteEOHe beamed at Sebastian as if heOd just announced a solution to poverty across the globe.OIt combines ancient Chinese tradition with normal coffee and makes the whole thing aspiritual experience!O he explained enthusiastically.OSoE itOs normal coffee?OORight.OOServed very, very slowly?OOWell, in essence yes I guess, but itOs so much more than that, surely you can see that?ItOs about the experience man! People donOt just want to come here, pay their money and getan ordinary product. They want to feel that theyOve got something special, so that they canwalk out of here with their spirits lifted! My Tai Chi Latte does that!O he exclaimed, armsopen wide like a magician having just revealed that his assistant hadnOt been bisected after all.OSorry mate, IOm a down to earth kinda guy, and I prefer my coffee quickly and withoutany unpleasant mime associations,O Sebastian answered regretfully. He answered this way fortwo reasons. Firstly, Tai Chi Latte was the fucking stupidest thing heOd EVER heard of, andsecondly, Will wouldnOt react by spiking SebastianOs next meal with a powerful laxative.Nyala might.OSee? Even your friend thinks itOs stupid and heOs done some pretty stupid thingshimself,O Nyala stated happily. OWill you stop now?O.OWhatever,O Will said sourly while shooting Sebastian a disappointed look. He thenwent back to the counter and once again engaged in slow-motion coffee making.Nyala threw her hands up in a capitulating gesture, shaking her head. Sebastian tookthis as a positive sign that maybe sheOd be ready to get him his special now, and thanks to hisearlier quick thinking and cowardly siding with her, the meal wouldnOt be followed by anemergency trip to the lavvy. He sat down on one of the high chairs in front of the foodcounter and looked at Nyala expectantly. He was proved right when she turned towards himwhile redoing her ponytail, which had come loose in her agitated state.12
OThe usual Seb?O she inquired, giving him a small smile.OOh yes please,O he answered with a big toothy grin, anticipation making his mouthwater. 'And pack of ozone sticks please.'She went into the kitchen and Sebastian swivelled around on his chair so he couldobserve all the other customers while waiting. Will still hadn't finished making his next cupand the waiting customer was alternately checking his wrist display impatiently and eyeingthe half-finished cup with the greedy eyes of a caffeine addict. The rest of the queue wasperforming similar rituals, but instead of going somewhere else for their fix of legalstimulant, they had obviously decided that anything this inconvenient was bound to beamazing, so they didnOt budge.The assortment of goods in the store was truly astounding. The store itself was quitebig, about 1000 square feet, with multiple isles crammed full of shelves from floor to ceiling.The shelves contained anything from insta-meals, exotic drinks and no-wash clothes to high-tech devices and hover-car accessories. In spite of all the merchandise they still managed tofit in the coffee station and food counter at the back of the room, although the food counteronly had four chairs with room for three.He heard Nyala approaching the counter from the kitchen and swivelled back to faceher. She was carrying a big plate, heavily loaded with an impressive assortment of food. Afterputting it down she reached beneath the counter and produced a pack of Sebastian's brand ofOzone sticks: Bozone4.Ah, the Full English! Thankfully some things never changed, and Sebastian was alsovery happy that most people didnOt bother with real food anymore but just lived on insta-meals so theyOd have more time to rush around. This meant that he was usually alone at thefood counter of HongOs, which suited him just fine. The plate consisted of the traditionalscorched tomato, runny beans, eggs, rubbery mushrooms, cremated sausages and soggy toast.Nyala was very generous with her portions, but she didn't do too well in the food arrangement4."There's nozone like Bozone!"13
department. As a result, the plate looked less like an inviting meal and more like a tiny trafficaccident, which had been dive-bombed by a diarrhetic seagull. He dug in with relish.Sure, the sausages and eggs were artificial replicas of the real thing since the farmingand slaughter of animals had been banned for almost a century, but Sebastian was sure thatthe real thing couldnOt have tasted better. Apparently this kind of diet was bad for you, but aquick trip to the med-clinic could sort that out for you if it became a problem.All through the meal Halfie was sniffing around the shop, occasionally stopping to eat apiece of rubbish. This could be anything from a piece of plastic to a metal bolt, it all wentinto his mouth never to be seen again. Sebastian had never figured out how his small half-furry companion digested his "food", but there was no apparent exit and heOd never seen himleave any small metal or plastic surprises. It was as if the items just disappeared for good.Sebastian kept observing Halfie thoughtfully while wiping up the last of his beans with thetoast. He was a strange one for sure, and Sebastian couldn't wish for a more fiercely loyalfriend, but ever since that night when heOd rescued him from the installation heOd beenwondering if perhaps the small robot dog was even more special than Sebastian gave himcredit for. Calvin hadnOt been able to find out anything either, as Halfie would object quiteaggressively to anything but the most cursory inspection, and that had not revealed anymakers mark or serial number. But hey, he had a pet which required zero maintenance anddidnOt leave any hair or waste products all over his office, so he shouldnOt complain.Leaning back in the chair to give his stomach a bit more breathing space, Sebastiannursed his coffee cup while trying to get NyalaOs attention. She was just finishing with acustomer, and spotting his waving hand she shuffled over to the food counter and startedclearing away the plate.OEminently delicious as always Ny,O he said with an ingratiating smile.OYou will be able to pay today right?O she answered curtly while freezing in place andgiving him a suspicious look.OWhy whatever are you implying? IOm a very trustworthy individual who alwayshonours his debts!O Sebastian exclaimed indignantly.14
NyOs facial expression didn't change while she crossed her arms in front of her and keptstaring at him.OWhat?O Sebastian shrugged his shoulders while throwing his arms wide, assuming alook of wronged innocence.OLook, IOd worry less about these unjust insinuations and more about your brother whois currently on his way to the store room to pick up more coffee beans, moving at the pace ofa geriatric turtle,O he said gesturing behind her with one hand.She whirled around instantly and spotted Will doing just what he had described.OOh for goodness sake Will, this has gone far enough!O she shouted while marchingtoward him.Will was doing his best ignoring her and concentrating on his sap-like pace. She forcedhim to a halt (which was only a fractional change in speed) by standing in front of him,turning on the full glare.OYou really were dropped as a baby several times werenOt you Will? ItOs not natural tobe this stupid.OOI donOt know Ny, maybe I am stupid, but at least I didnOt let Seb walk off withoutpaying his bill again.ONyOs eyes opened wide and she spun around on her heels towards the food counter. Justan empty coffee cup remained, and when she looked toward the entrance she caught aglimpse of HalfieOs gleaming posterior leaving the building.Her shoulders sagged and she slumped down on the floor with her back against thecounter, burying her head in her hands. She didnOt deserve this.Sebastian was feeling quite pleased with himself as he walked back into the reception,closely followed by Halfie. Now that heOd had a hot meal he felt a lot more positive abouteverything, and was certain that today was the day his luck would change.15
No sooner was he through the door than Gladys jumped out of her chair and startingtalking in what she considered a hushed tone, but in reality could probably be heard nextdoor.OMr. Poe! Mr. Poe! WeOve got one! WeOve got a new client!O she screeched, barelykeeping herself from jumping up and down.Sebastian pointed at his office door and raised his eyebrows questioningly. Gladysnodded excitedly, accompanied by the sound of hundreds of small servos straining to keepup.He took the required three steps to reach his office door, opened it and walked in.Gladys had opened the blinds to give the sunlight generator a chance to shine in all itOs glory,and sheOd also managed to clean away the worst of the mess before leaving the client in here.Sebastian could understand why. For a woman like that, heOd even consider putting on a cleanshirt.She was dressed extremely fashionably in a long, tight, black skirt and a short, smallyellow jacket with massive shoulders, leaving her midriff bare. She had the kind of legswhich went all the way from her hips to the floor and made an excellent job of it. The rest ofher body was perfectly proportioned and as she turned around he could tell that she knewhow to use it for maximum effect.She was wearing a thin black veil which she lifted after turning around, revealing a pairof crystal blue eyes and lips redder than an extremely embarrassed tomato.Sebastian couldnOt do anything except stare, and as she realised that he wouldnOt makethe first move, she took a step towards him and said: OMr. Poe? I need you to find out whokilled my husband. Twice.O16
Chapter 4: Ka-ching!OOk, let me just run through this again from the beginning, just to make sure IOve got thefacts straight,O Sebastian said while running one hand through his radish5hair and thumbingthrough his spiral-back notebook with the other.He was sitting behind his desk with his feet up and his shirt wide open at the neck. Thecoat and hat had long since been abandoned and lay crumbled at one end of the desk. Thepotential client was sitting in the only other chair in the office, a battered old Chesterfieldarmchair which Gladys had thankfully sterilised to such a degree that Sebastian felt fairlyconfident she would not need a tetanus shot after she left.OYour name is Victoria Jaeger, with a soft OJO I hasten to add,O he immediately correctedhimself, having been reminded of this fact a few times already.OYour husbandOs name was Franz Jaeger, 32 years of age, and until one week ago hewas working for Tinycorp as an expert in nano bio-technology.O Sebastian raised his eyes forconfirmation of the first basic facts, and upon receiving a slight nod from Victoria, continued.OExactly one week ago you were informed by a Tinycorp representative that yourhusband had suffered a heart attack which had killed him instantly, and you were asked tocome to the Queen CharlotteOs hospital in Hammersmith to confirm this.OOAfter recovering from this substantial shock you did as you were asked and went to thehospital, only to be able to confirm that your husband was in fact dead.OOYou then went home to inform friends and family as well as start the funeralarrangements.OAt this she looked down and clenched her hands even tighter while biting her lower lip.She was obviously fighting hard to keep her emotions under control. Sebastian paused forfew moments to give her time to compose herself. When she finally looked up he could seethat she had regained her former cool, and she gave him a small nod.Sebastian continued.5.Reddish.17
OThe following day you were contacted by a detective of the Metropolitan Police whoregretfully announced that your husband had been killed the previous evening, and asked youto come to Westminster Hospital to identify his body. Thinking that this had to be someridiculous clerical error you nevertheless went there to clear up the mistake.OOUpon arrival you explained the situation to the officer in charge, a detective E SamLowry?O Sebastian looked up at Victoria again for confirmation and received another smallnod.OHe was surprised at your story but assured you that this was no mistake. The DNAmatch was conclusive. He took you to the body so you could see for yourself. He was right. Itwas your husband once again, lying dead before you. At his point you fainted.OOCanOt say I blame you,O Sebastian mumbled as he turned another page in the notebook.OWhen you came to, this Lowry guy explained to you the circumstances in which Franzdied. He had been shot twice in the back with a high-powered energy weapon about 2am,probably at the location he was found, which was on level zero in Fulham.OOYou told him what had happened the day before, and he looked it up on his terminalbut found no references to your husband dying or being brought to Queen Charlottes. He alsochecked with Tinycorp who denied having reported your husband dead or having anyknowledge about anything happening to him.OOSince then youOve been trying to found out whatOs going on, but have only been met bysilence or denial from all parts involved.OOIs that correct or did I leave anything out?OShe looked as if she was once again trying hard to suppress tears, but she swallowedonce and answered: OThatOs all correct, you didnOt leave anything out Mr. Poe.OSebastian slowly got out of his chair and put his notepad and pencil on the desk whilepicking up his mug. Mug in hand he nonchalantly leaned his back against the wall, and takinga sip from the mug tried to give her a cunning look over the rim. The effect was somewhatspoiled by the twitch his face made when his taste buds were reminded that the only thingmore foul-tasting than GladysO coffee, was GladysO coffee cold.18
OAnd what is it you think I can do for you?O he croaked, hoping she hadnOt noticed thefacial spasm.Victoria set her jaw and looked him straight in the eye, almost scaring Sebastian withthe determination he saw in those cold blue eyes.OI already told you. These corporate bastards murdered my Franz and then covered it allup. I donOt know why or how, but I want you to find that out.OOAnd why me? There are hundreds of other information peddlers in this city, and mostof them with offices much more impressive than mine.OOFor two reasons Mr. Poe. Firstly, I need to be absolutely sure that whoever I hire isnOtin the employ of a larger company who might decide to inform Tinycorp.OOWell I definitely fit that bill,O Sebastian interjected. OYou canOt get much smaller thanthis fine establishment, and I donOt think Tinycorp would even let me into their lobby. WhatOsthe second reason?OOTo get the information you need when you're dealing with a company like Tinycorpyou might have to do things which could be considered morally ambiguous by certain people,and people tell me youOre no stranger to straying across that lineEOONow look here,O Sebastian pushed off the wall and put the mug down on the desk a bitmore forcefully than he had intended, making her give a small start. OI may navigate in somerather large grey areas in my line of business, I have toE I donOt know who youOve beentalking to, but I will not be involved in anything which is incontrovertibly illegal,O he finishedfirmly.OI will pay you very well,O she said equally firmly.Sebastian did his best to look outraged. OIOll have you know that IOm not some commonthug whoOll do anything for money! I have principles to uphold and morals which guide methrough this money-grubbing world of ours. If I didnOt have that, what kind of person would Ibe? IOll tell you what kind!O he shouted dramatically while waving an accusatory index fingerat her. OThe same kind of scum who would do anything to protect their precious profit margin,including killing your husband!O19
He finished his rant in a rather aggressive posture, legs apart, head tilted back and hisconsiderable index finger still utilised to maximum effect by being pointed straight atVictoria.OOne thousand kilos6a day, all expenses paid and fifty thousand as a bonus uponsuccessful completion,O she stated calmly, looking up at him from the chair.Sebastian didnOt move but remained frozen in the awkward pose. After a few secondslike this he suddenly spread his arms in a placatory manner and smiled ingratiatingly.OOn the other hand IOm sure that a woman of your stature is capable of making the rightmoral choices in all matters of life and I donOt see why this should be any different. In short,youOve got a deal!OHe punctuated the sentence by flicking his outstretched right hand in front of her whilemaintaining the unnaturally toothy broad smile. She took his hand and shook it in agreementwhile she stood up, a cautious smile playing on her lips. She started moving towards the doorand SebastianOs eyes were immediately drawn to the gentle swaying of her chair interface. Heforced himself to look up when she started talking without turning or stopping, OIOll expectdaily reports on your progress and after each report, payment will be transferred to youraccount.OOSure thing,O he said lamely as she left the office, went past Gladys and out the frontdoor.Approximately ten milliseconds after she closed the door, Gladys jumped out of herchair and clonked her way into SebastianOs office. OWe have a client, we have a client!O shesquealed excitedly, rotating and clapping her hands like two small windmills fighting.6.The rest of the world had changed to the common currency of Veldt Dollars (VDOs)84 years previously, leaving only England with the British Pound amidst massive criticismand pressure from everyone else. Refusing to back down but not wanting to appear inflexibleit was decided by parliament to at least convert to metric, thus creating the English Kilo(Scotland, Ireland and Wales having long since gained independence). An unfortunate sideeffect of this was the instant devaluing of the phrase: OA ton of moneyO.20
OWe do indeed, and with the money sheOs paying us, Sebastian Poe Investigations couldbe sitting pretty for a long time! Right, I better get cracking straight away. There is crime tosolve and money to be made.OOAnd exactly what money are we talking about here? Hopefully the kind that can pay 3months back rent to a gracious landlord who in return will not have to forcefully remove yourfavourite finger,O came a gruff voice from the direction in which Victoria had disappearedmoments earlier.In the doorway stood the least convincing transvestite ever to grace the streets ofLondon. He was a giant of a man, closer to 7 feet than 6, barrel-chested and with enoughbody hair to make a yeti envious. His face looked like the face of an old bloodhound havingjust gotten out of bed on a Monday only to find that he had lost his sense of smell. With badlyapplied lipstick. He was wearing a blue dress with white dots, which had probably been outof style at the time of manufacture, a granny hat with a veil in front, a pink handbag and hugehigh-heeled stilettos that could easily function as water slides for a small child.OAlice! What an unexpected pleasure,O Sebastian exclaimed, shooting Gladys a hardglance and then once again exercising his most ingratiating smile. OYes, as you heard, andmight have deduced from seeing a classy woman leaving my office just now, I'm on the vergeof getting my hands on some dosh, and when I do, you shall be the very first person to benefitfrom this most fortunate turn of events, I guarantee it.OOI know about your guarantees Sebastian, and if I relied on them to make a living IwouldnOt have a pot to piss in!OOEpiss in, hee heeEO, came a thin voice from behind Alice.OSo here is how itOs going to work,O the big man continued. OIOll be back here tomorrowafternoon, which should give you plenty of time to get your hands on some of that credit.Three months rent comes to a total of four and a half tons, and this time you better have itmatey,O he finished, jabbing a finger the size of a salami in SebastianOs direction.OEtee hee, Oave it matey, aheeEO, something squeaked behind Alice again.21
OOf course, no problem,O Sebastian said nonchalantly while slowly picking up his hatand jacket. OSay, is that weasel I hear, scurrying around behind you?OOItOs DWEAZIL you loser!O the reedy voice exclaimed, followed by a small ferret-likehead poking out behind AliceOs massive frame. A few moments went by while a ferret of aman pushed and shoved to get around Alice and through the doorway, momentarily gettingstuck halfway. After a bit of panicked flailing he finally got through, only to fall flat on hisface as he flew into the room. He was as small as his associate was big, and was obviouslytrying to compensate for this by wearing baggy clothes and as much gold jewellery as hecould fit on his fingers, wrists and neck. Sebastian was pretty sure that if was thrown into theThames, the weight of his ornaments would make sure that he would never resurface.Defying the laws of physics, he immediately bounced back up unto his feet andimmediately started ranting at Sebastian.OWhere do you get off disrespectinO me eh? You twat! You loser! You nobody! You justbe Oappy that I follow Mr. AliceOs orders, so I wonOt tear off you limbs until he tells me to.Count yourself damn lucky mate!OThroughout this he was gesticulating wildly, his whole body shaking like a tightlywound steel spring, making his various chains rattle so much that he was drowning out hisown words in parts.OSay it, donOt spray it mate, little bit of advice for you there,O Sebastian said whilewiping spittle from his face. OYou know, you really should keep your dog on a leash Alice,especially when heOs rabid. He might frighten small children.OOWhat?! What did you just say?! IEE.youEEOckingEE,O Dweazil sputtered whileturning an unhealthy shade of red.Alice grabbed his shoulder with a resigned expression and pulled him back towards todoor.OAlright, weOre leaving, but remember, tomorrow afternoon, four and a half tons or IOlllet Dweazil loose on you.O22
He once again jabbed his sausage-like finger at Sebastian while fixing him with a hardstare and keeping hold of his struggling associate with his free hand. In this way he slowlyexited the room walking backwards, obviously going for maximum ominous effect. Animpressive feat in heals.Sebastian could hear the weaselOs indignant protests from the front office as he wasbeing hauled out the main door by force.OIOm so sorry sir, I completely forgot about them in all the excitement. They arrivedshortly after Mrs. Jaeger and I couldnOt very well turn them away, so I persuaded them to waituntil she left,O Gladys pleaded while wringing her hands.ODonOt worry about it,O Sebastian sighed, Othey were bound to show up sooner or later,and heOs not the kind of man to take no for an answer. At least now it looks like we canfinally get him off our backs.OOBut sir, youOre only getting paid 1000 kilos a day and he wants 4500 by tomorrow?OOYou just let me worry about that, IOll work something out,O he said confidently whileputting on his hat and flicking an ozone stick into the corner of his mouth.OBut now IOll have to get started or weOll never see ANY money at all. First stop: thepolice. And letOs hope they wonOt let any trivial past misunderstandings get in the way offriendly cooperation between professionals.OChapter 5: John SmithThis is not good he thought. He was still lying in bed even though he should havegotten up half an hour ago. The screen at the foot of his bed was showing an endless streamof news updates, all filtered by the categories and keywords he had selected, but he wasnOtpaying any attention to them after that one crucial item.That uber science geek from work had been killed, shot by unknown assailants. And insuch a dodgy location as well. That in itself was shocking enough, but not something thatreally would affect him in any way. No, the scary bit was that he had seen the guy being23
pronounced dead in his lab and carried off by medical staff the day before, and he was prettysure that he didnOt have any smoking holes in his back at that point. Furthermore, Tinycorpwas denying any knowledge of what had happened and had stated that Franz Jaeger, as hisname was, had left work as usual the day before.Now the big question was looming before him: Did anyone see him as he observedFranz being carried off? He hadnOt had his special power turned on at the time, so they wouldhave been blind not to see him, but then again, sometimes the power was in effect even whenhe wasnOt consciously aware of it.If they had seen him, wouldnOt they have come knocking already, asking him what hesaw and telling him to keep quiet? Or maybe theyOd just try to bump him off to avoid anychance of him blabbing. HeOd seen enough of that place to not put anything past those peoplein charge. The business always came first and any other considerations second, and althoughhe didnOt know of any incidents, he wasnOt so sure that even an employee's right to live wouldbe an obstacle if the stakes were high enough.If theyhadnOtseen him, didnOt he still have an obligation to do something with hisknowledge, especially as a founding member and leader of GLUM? This was precisely thething they had all been waiting for, the opportunity to do the right thing and show everyonethat they were special, heroes even! He just hadnOt really considered the very real possibilityof personal injury or an abrupt life deficit due to death before. Heroism would be so mucheasier if you didnOt have to be brave. Damnit.Ok, no matter what, he couldnOt just stay here as that would surely arouse suspicioneven if they didnOt know, so he had to go to work as normal and just act like nothinghappened. Then he could decide later what to do. Maybe talk it over with the guys.A decision made, John swung his legs out of the bed, got up and quickly dressed afterrummaging through a stack of clothes to find something that was relatively clean. DidnOtreally matter as he would change into uniform at work anyway.The room was tiny by any standard and would probably cause claustrophobia in anunderdevelopeddormouse. It was a fully integrated living unit, which meant that it had24
everything you needed to live, but not necessarily anything that would make you want tocontinue doing so. It was all moulded in one huge piece of some white, matte material,approximately seven by seven by seven feet. The bed, the shelves, the tiny table and twochairs were all part of the mould, which didnOt leave much room for redecoration. That wasprobably as it should be for a room so small you had to leave it to change your mind. Therewas no kitchen since only people with money could afford proper food and the toilet and bathwas shared with all the other residents on the same floor. Like most of these living units itwas fully catered and his morning insta-meal was waiting for him in his delivery box.Quickly checking the mirror and deciding that his appearance didnOt warrant anyexcessive morning ablutions he grabbed his breakfast and ran out the door, the door slidingshut and locking automatically behind him.Taking the lift down the five stories and exiting into the street John found himself yetagain part of the hustle and bustle of Croydon during rush hour. Everybody was going thesame direction, making it easy to just join the throng and let yourself be swept away.Nobody who had to live in Croydon could affordnotto take the tube. Throughout the21stcentury the tube system had gotten steadily worse, with the city paying out more andmore refunds due to delays every year. This finally reached breaking point in the middle ofthe 22ndcentury when they money received in ticket sales was exceeded by the money paidout in refunds. When that happened the tube was made free for all to use. The problems atthis stage were so severe though that people didnOt even want to use the service free of chargeas walking was faster. This didnotsuit the politicians as usage of collective transport wasseen to be pivotal to the image of London. A decision was made to incentivise people bypaying them to use the tube; an opportunity that all people below a certain income leveljumped at, even if it meant spending more time travelling to work. On the positive side, thetube stations themselves were sparkling wonders of modern architecture and every facilityyou could possibly want. More than two hundred years of tube renovation money goingstraight into improving the stations but ignoring the actual trains and tracks, which were25
deemed "a bother" to improve, had made sure that youOd be waiting forever for your train insumptuous surroundings.Entering New Croydon station, John quickly checked the signal failure counter beforegoing down the escalator: 5 signal failures today. Phew, only 5, that would mean heOd be atwork in just 2 hours.Settling into one of the suede recliners on the platform and activating the massagefeature John finally relaxed a bit and convinced himself that everything would turn out justfine.Chapter 6: A Fair CopHaving left Gladys to calm down and start getting background information on Victoria,her husband and Tinycorp, Sebastian took the lift up to car-park floors with Halfie.He needed transportation in his line of business, and anything less than a hover-carwouldnOt work, so even though it broke with his image of himself as a good old fashionedgum-shoe who didnOt have to rely on modern gadgetry, he had invested in one such flyingwonder. To assuage his guilt though, heOd heavily modified its appearance to make it looklike a black sedan from the nineteen forties. This had resulted in two things: Firstly it meantheOd had less money to spend on the more critical parts of the vehicle which made the hoverbits hover and the car bits car, and secondly a bulky chassis with all the aerodynamicqualities of a badly made brick. The result was a slow, badly/hardly manoeuvrable death trap,but damnit, it look ace.Hardly anyone drove manually these days, they rather left it in the hands of thenavigational computer, and with good reason. Flying a car in multiple lanes and levels in acity like London was no trivial task, and to attempt it for more than a few minutes was notjust to invite insanity, but more like asking insanity and the more mentally unstable members26
of his extended family to move into your house to take care of your priceless collection ofporcelain china dolls.Never the less, Sebastian would be damned if heOd let his personal freedom to roamwherever he wanted be dictated by a piece of circuitry, so he always drove manually. Also,his nav system didnOt work anymore, except for the collision avoidance component requiredby law.Gently he flew the car out of the building and joined the traffic, stoically ignoring allhooting and flashing of lights from people gong twice as fast as him.His first port of call was Fulham police station to talk to Detective Lowry about thedetails of FranzO death. It never hurt to get the details straight from the source, unless he raninto Detective Inspector Clydesdale at the station, in which case there might be a certainelement of pain.He arrived half an hour later and landed on the roof of the building which was home toFulhamOs finest. The moment the car touched the ground a drone came speeding toward him,coming to a halt next to the drivers side.OWelcome to Fulham Police Station, please state your business,O a pleasant heavilyamplified female voice came from the drone.That was the only feminine thing about the machine though, as it mostly resembled athermos with a terminal attached to the top and a robotic arm hanging awkwardly down oneside. It floated about a metre off the ground and gently bobbed up and down. The terminalwas visible form inside the car and was displaying what it had just said.OSebastian Poe to see Detective Sam Lowry please.OOOne moment please sir.OThe drone remained motionless and silent for about ten seconds and then continued:ODetective Lowry will see you now, please follow me.OSebastian got out of the car, which automatically locked behind him, and followed thesmall chrome robot as it floated towards the only structure on the roof. Halfie had also27
jumped out of the car and now started running around the flying thermos alternating betweensniffing and barking shrilly, obviously very fascinated by the subject of its attention.The drone stopped before the only door in the structure and turned to face (screen?)Sebastian.OPlease instruct your artificial canine to be quiet as we enter the station sir. Failure to doso might result in involuntary remote deactivation by the police AI.OSebastian was halfway through a glare that said Ofascist bastardO before realising that itwas wasted on the miserable little tin can.OSure, whatever you say. Halfie! Calm down!O he barked (ironically).Halfie froze mid-sniff, cocked his head and looked at him with a puzzled expressionwhich seemed to say Oare you kidding me? IOm adogthis is what Ido,O before apparentlydeciding it was a fair request after all, trotting over next to him and sitting down. Tonguelolling he gave the drone what Sebastian was sure was a dirty look.OPlease follow me,O the drone merely stated and went into the lift as the door slit open infront of them.The building had a total of 42 floors, all of them belonging to the Metropolitan Police.London had a population of 91 million people, and keeping them all from killing each othertook quite a lot of manpower. Not that the inhabitants were uncivilised, quite the contrary, thechallenge was all the civilised ways in which people could get on each otherOs nerves. Eversince The Great Quantum Leap of 2112, when science had finally come through for humanityand found a way to produce virtually free, clean energy and food for everyone on the planet,most of the world had turned its back on religion, finally realising that the main differencesbetween holy scriptures and OThe New Adventures of MegamanO, were that one tended to be abit wordier and the other had better costumes7.Lack of religion did leave a hole in most peoples lives however, as they neededsomethingto obsess about and help them find an identity, and football just wasnOt foreveryone.28
The result was countless special interest groups and organisations where people couldget together and enjoy their common interest in anything from spatulas to Tibetan harmonicchanting. Due to human nature many of these groups were as fanatical as any religiousfundamentalist, which led to many interesting clashes that the police had to sort out.These included the ongoing feud between The Weapon Lovers and The WeaponHaters. YouOd think that fighting between these two particular groups would be unevenlymatched, but it was astounding what you could do with office supplies when you put yourmind to it.Another example was The Hairies and The Baldies, or the apes and the eggs as theyreferred to each other. In their case the clashes mostly consisted of name calling and the oddthrown wig or golfball.Some people argued that the police force was a bloated, fascist institution with toomany people sitting on their arses doing nothing, but they usually didnOt argue for long, that isif they still wanted to be able to go from their home to work without being subjected to adaily body cavity search on the grounds of Olooking dodgyO which was all the reason theyneeded to have the law on their side. Not that the country had turned into a police state, it justseemed like it in every way.The lift stopped on the fifth floor, and if the usual floor hierarchy was to be trusted, thismeant that Detective Sam Lowry could only dream of reaching the bottom rung of the careerladder. It also meant that the killing was not being given very much attention, which in itselfwas odd as Tinycorp definitely had the political clout to get half the police force on this ifthey wanted.OThis way,O the droneEwell, droned, as it floated out of the lift.7.The one exception to this was Israel and Palestine. Their continuing quarrel was thelast bastion of worship of very unlikely mythical characters. In fact the expression Othere issomething rotten in the state of DenmarkO had long since been replaced in the socialconsciousness by OthereOs trouble in the middle eastO. News channels now only reported fromthe region when therewasnOtfighting.29
They entered a massive open office covering the entire floor with tables arrayed in longrows, only intermittently broken up by paths crossing the rows in a perpendicular fashion.Most of the tables were occupied by police officers who in some cases wereaccompanied by sullen-faced detainees, wrists attached to the desk with magnetic cuffs andfeet stuck to the floor with ankle versions of the wrist cuffs.Fans of20thcentury police dramas, of which Sebastian was one, would be extremelydisappointed by the sterile sight of a modern police station. There were no huge piles ofpapers, folders and files as the workplace had finally gone paperless only a hundred yearsafter it was supposed to, and no petty criminals were making scenes running aroundunchecked; the movement inhibiting magnetic cuffs made sure of that. The moment someonewearing the cuffs tried to pull them apart or move beyond a certain speed the wrist and anklecuffs would snap together instantly, leaving the unfortunate subject in a rather uncomfortableposition on the floor. The whiplash caused by the sudden attraction was just an added bonus.All in all it was as quiet and sedate as any other office environment. How devastatinglyboring, Sebastian thought. No colour, no spice. This was exactly why he had quit the force allthose years ago and he had no regrets.Small glass-walled offices, housing what must have been the marginally moreimportant employees, edged the room and it was to one of these that the drone led them.Halfie was still on his best behaviour, only briefly stopping to sniff peopleOs feet and togobble down any stray pieces of metal.The office door slid open and the drone hovered to one side.OPlease enter,O it said. OOfficer Lowry will send for another escort when you leave.Under no circumstance must you leave this office unescorted.OWith that friendly message it spun around and floated away. Sebastian entered the fishtank, the door closing behind him.No big surprise dcor-wise, both because this was a police station and there were limitsto the flamboyancy you were allowed to display and because the inherent transparency of thewalls had allowed Sebastian to inspect the room from the outside. It had a small desk, also30
transparent, and two chairs (transparent), one in front of the desk and one behind it. Variouspersonal items inhabited a few shelves8alongside a few picture frames, cycling throughimages of what could only be the DetectiveOs family. Judging from the pictures he had a wifeand either two kids and a dog or three kids, one of which was extremely hairy and hadabnormally large ears. In any case dog-boy was still the most attractive of them as they werewithout a doubt the most unattractive children Sebastian had ever seen.If you wanted to, and didnOt mind not conceiving your children the old-fashioned way,you could pretty much decide what you wanted your child to look like. Outside the body,eggs and sperm could be scanned and combined virtually and the result seen on a screen.Like a slideshow it was possible to see pictures of the theoretical child at varies stages in lifeas well as get information on their aptitudes and weaknesses. It was not legal to engineerchildren but you were welcome to pick and choose if you had the money.The good Detective must have been kicking himself that he hadnOt spent the extra cash.He was sitting behind the desk tapping away at a terminal and only looked up whenSebastian entered the room.OMr. Poe, IOve heard a lot about you,O he said with an unreadable expression on his face.OAll good I trust,O Sebastian answered with a wry smile.ODepends how you look at it really. Taken verbatim the information would suggest thatyouOre a scum-sucking parasite with no respect for anything, you were apparently born out ofwedlock to a mother who had sexual relations with disreputable characters and, oh yes, youhave a fondness for male genitalia.OAt this he leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms over his sizeable stomach whilecontinuing to observe Sebastian with a face devoid of emotion. After a few seconds hecontinued:OBut seeing as the information came from a man who himself is a right cock, IOll assumeyouOre an ok guy.O8.Yes you guessed it, transparent.31
The corner of his mouth twitched into a small crooked smile and there was a glint in hiseyes, which suggested that he was having fun.Sebastian, who was used to all kinds of derogatory abuse from the police and thereforehad expected the worst, relaxed visibly and allowed himself to smile back.OClydesdale?O he inquired with raised eyebrows.OThe one and only,O SebastianOs new best friend answered. OThe man couldnOt find hisown crack with a GPS implant and an extra arm. I donOt know why he hates you so much, butIOm sure itOs an interesting story,O he concluded while gesturing for Sebastian to sit down inthe chair opposite9him.OI thought it was a matter of police record what went on between us all those years ago,OSebastian said.OWell, itOs a matter of record that you apparently broke so many rules they had to inventnew ones for you to break, but it was all harmless stuff, I see it happening every day. In yourcase though Clydesdale was haunting you like a bad hangover for the slightest offence, realor imaginary, so my instinct tells me there was more behind it.OOWell there was one small thing,O Sebastian said, apparently preoccupied with pickinglint off his hat, which he had removed when he sat down.Sam raised his eyebrows inquiringly.OShortly after I started with the police I met this woman at one of those bars wherepolice men, who donOt want to hang out with other police men, hang out. We had a fewlaughs and a few drinks and I managed to get fairly drunk. So when she suggested we goback to her place I thought it was the best idea ever. I guess I should have questioned howsuch a young girl could afford to live in such a big place, but my mind was elsewhere at thetime. After weOd had a bit of fun I did the gentlemanly thing and passed out, only to wake upagain an hour later from her snoring. I kid you not, it sounded like the mating call of a twoton rhino with a fatal sinus infection.O9.Yes, the only other chair in the room, I know, I know. Well done attentive reader.32
Sam allowed himself another one of those small crooked smiles at this description andbent down to take two glasses from the bottom shelf. Grabbing the water bottle on his desk hepoured them both a glass and beckoned Sebastian to continue.OI thought IOd avoid the awkward morning-after conversation and just slip out afterusing the loo. So I leave the room, walk down the hall to locate the lavvy and open the firstdoor I get to. It wasnOt the loo. I was confronted by a sight that will haunt me till the day I die:Inspector Clydesdale in a full, skin-tight sensory suit sporting VR glasses and a massiveerection. Grunting loudly and making thrusting motions in the air he was obviously running avery enjoyable simulation, or should I say stimulation. I caught a glimpse of it on the terminaland letOs just say that old MacDonald would have been outraged.OSam started chuckling and reached for his water.OSo the girl was?OOHis daughter,O Sebastian replied.At this Sam started laughing, making it hard for him to keep his water from spilling.OSo he spots me, takes me for a burglar and immediately charges. Let me tell you, anoverweight, puffy-faced angry man in a skin-tight suit running at you with his wedding tackleat full salute was enough to scare me shitless! Despite my police training I couldnOt move andhe hit me like a ton of bricks.OOWhen I came to he was arguing loudly with his daughter, having thankfully put on arobe in the meantime. HeOd cuffed me and wanted to arrest me for breaking and entering orinvasion of privacy orsomething, but in the end he realised that if I were to give a fullstatement of what had happened, he would end up being the laughing stock of the station, sohe grudgingly let me go.OSam was still laughing as Sebastian finished his story and took a large drink of water,making a cheers motion with the glass before setting it down again.OVery good, very good,O he said wiping tears from the corner of his eyes. OThat made myday mate, thanks for that.OOHow come you never told anyone here?O33
OWell I figured that as long as I had some dirt on him he might be on my back but heOdnever do anything drastic, and when I left I didnOt have anyone to tell. HeOd pretty much madesure that nobody would take the risk of being friends with me,O Sebastian said almostapologetically.OBut now that IOve passed it on I trust itOll be put to good use?OOOh yes,O Sam nodded slowly, Oyou can be damn sure of that. But how can I return thefavour? You must be here for others reasons than to brighten up my day.OSebastian stopped smiling and leaned forward in his chair.OYouOre the Detective in charge of the Franz Jaeger murder investigation arenOt you?OSebastian asked,OThatOs right,O Sam sighed and rubbed his face with both hands indicating the pleasurewasnOt all his.OWhy are you interested?O he asked after a brief pause, looking Sebastian straight in theeye.OIOve been hired by the widow to find out who killed him and why,O Sebastian answered.Sam gave Sebastian a puzzled look.OI find that very odd given the fact that she has shown zero interest in working with uson this, and has even been extremely reticent about volunteering information.OOShe appears to have a severe dislike for the corporate world, and therefore doesnOt putmuch faith in the system which merely acts as lackeys for said corporations,O Sebastianshrugged.OHer words not mine,O he added and winked at Sam.OI see, well, between you and me itOs just as well sheOs not putting her faith in the policeon this occasion and as much as I resent the insinuation that weOre mindless automatons doingthe bidding of big business, she may not be too far off the mark.OOHow so?O Sebastian said as he sat up a bit straighter and inched towards the table.OYou can count canOt you? How many floors did you have to go down to get to myoffice? This case has been given about the same priority as a Peckham burglary and I get the34
distinct feeling the someone with significant pull doesnOt want this murder looked at in toomuch detail.OSebastian had come to the same conclusion the moment the lift stopped, but it wasalways nice to have your theories affirmed. He allowed himself a small self-congratulatorysmirk.OSo whathaveyou found out, if anything?OSamOs eyes narrowed slightly as he seemed to be evaluating Sebastian and hisintentions. Apparently coming to a favourable conclusion he gave a small sigh and put hishands on the desk while leaning forward slightly.OLook Poe, I like you. From what I can gather youOre the kind of guy who doesnOt takeany shit and never takes no for answer, and I respect that. Having met you IOm pretty sureyouOre one of the good guys, but the powers that be tend not to agree with me on a lot ofthings and, although it hardly seems possible, there are floors below this one and I donotwant to end up there.OAs he finished the sentence his eyes turned from Sebastian to something behind himover his right shoulder.OUh oh, here we go,O he mumbled and sat back in his chair again.Automatic doors couldnOt be slammed open or shut, much to the chagrin of alpha maleseverywhere, but the swoosh sound accompanying the office door opening had a simmeringanger about it.OWhat. The FUCK ishedoing here?!O a bellow reverberated through the tiny office,almost making every transparent surface vibrate.Sebastian didnOt have to turn around to see who it was. HeOd heard the voice many timesand one of those times even groaning in pre-coital simulated farmyard pleasure. He couldhear his heavy breathing and easily imagine his red, puffy face. Oh god, the mental imageswere coming back and it was not a happy reunion.OMr. Poe is here on behalf of the widow Jaeger in connection with a murderinvestigation IOm working on,O Sam replied stiffly.35
OYou? Working on a murder case? Who died, a fucking investment banker orsummink?10OWhen Sam didnOt reply, Clydesdale strode fully into the room, forcing Sebastian to lookat him. He looked much the same as the last time he had seen him except redder, puffier andwith more veins bulging out angrily from his neck and forehead.OAnd you,O he spat, glaring at Sebastian. OChasing defenceless widows now are we?ThatOs a new low even for you Poe.OHe didn't rise to the challenge but merely smiled witlessly which luckily seemed toannoy the big ape. Excellent.Realising that bait hadnOt been taken, he turned back to Sam.OI want that disgrace out of my police station at once and youOre not to shareanycasedetails with him, understood?O he barked.OWhatever you say sir,O Sam replied in a flat voice.OThereOs a good boy,O Clydesdale added and flashed him a patronising smile.Sam visibly stiffened and Sebastian could tell that a considerable amount of willpowerwas keeping him in check.Turning to leave Clydesdale took a step towards Sebastian and leaned over to bringtheir faces so close together that Sebastian could see the yellow river deltas of blood thatwere his eyes. OYouOve got anything to say to me sonny?O he rasped.10.For more than a century all banks had been run by artificial intelligences, makingany human intervention unnecessary. For legal reasons though there had to be a humanelement to a lot of transaction finalisations even if it just involved pressing a button when toldto do so by the AI. These people were still called investment bankers but were a pale shadowof their former glory days. To add insult to injury the AIOs had their arrogance set tomaximum as studies had shown that this yielded better results for some reason. The bankersfelt the brunt of this as they were patronised all day long, making it the least desirable job inthe world.36
Sebastian stared straight back without flinching and said calmly: OFuckyou, the horseyou rode in on and the whole cavalry behind you.OClydesdaleOs red complexion turned an angry purple and his face started twitchingbizarrely. It looked like he was having a seizure but instead he jerked upright and turnedtowards the door.Sebastian blew out a lungful of air through completely relaxed lips, creating a passableimpression of a content horse.Clydesdale froze in place for a few seconds before leaving the office and quicklywalking towards the lift.OI can see why he doesnOt like you,O Sam said and burst out laughing.OYes well, the feeling is more than mutual,O Sebastian added.Grabbing his hat he made as if to get up, but was interrupted by Sam leaning over andalso putting his hand on his hat.OYou in a hurry to be somewhere else?O he asked.OSeems like IOve outstayed my welcome, and since you canOt share case details thereOsnot much point in me hanging around.OHeOd raised the pitch slightly at the end of the sentence implying a question, and hisjudge of character seemed to have been spot on as Sam said: OFuck him. After that littledisplay of his IOll help you any way I can. What do you want to know?OSebastian relaxed back in the chair with a small smile, leaving his hat on the table.OGive me everything you have on the case, including background checks, forensics,witnesses and any theories you might have.OONo problem, IOll transfer it now.OHe turned towards his terminal and tapped away for a few seconds after which adiscreet bleep came from SebastianOs wrist. Pulling back his left sleeve to reveal his wristterminal, or OwristO for short as it was mostly referred to, he accepted the incoming data with atouch on the screen.37
Unlike most other people, except for the Corporation Against Networking, betterknown as CANOT, who didnOt believe in the free flow of information, Sebastian wore his wristexternally like an old fashioned watch, and not embedded into his dermal and sub-dermaltissue. He also didnOt have his frontal lobe synchronised with his wrist to make him able tocontrol it mentally. This was perceived as being extremely un-cool and impractical, but firstof all he didnOt want to be physically fused to sodding electronics or have his mind exposed tothe world no matter how safe they said it was, and secondly fashion was circular and he wascertain that low-tech would come back into fashion soon and then heOd be laughing.OThese files contain the background info and forensics,O Sam said while leaning backfrom the terminal and once again crossing his arms on his chest.OAs for witnesses, thatOs really easy as there werenOt any, and my theories are completeand utter guesswork. IOll be honest with you, I have nothing to go on and the route of inquiryIOd like to take has effectively been blocked off politically. So seeing as IOve got a ton of otherwork to do which might even result in some people being helped, IOd consider the caseunsolved and closed.OHe said this with the weariness of a man fighting a system that always fought dirty andalways rigged the game. Sebastian had been there.OYou said you had theories?OONothing more than guesswork.OOOblige me,O Sebastian persisted.Sam gave a small smile and a nod. OVery well. This stinks of a cover-up, which meanssomeone with pull, which in turn means corporate. Considering the company he worked forand his relatively high profile IOd go for elimination by either competition or even theemployer themselves if they thought he was selling information.OSebastian nodded. He too had no illusions about the power and ruthlessness ofCorporate England or indeed the world. He grabbed his hat and stood up.OYou are a treasure of a man and you have been extremely helpful and gracious and forthat I thank you,O he said and made an exaggerated sweeping bow with his hat.38
OThe pleasure is all mine,O Sam chuckled. O If you keep me posted on anything you findIOll do the same.OOHang on; let me call you a drone. DonOt want anybody to get their hosiery in a twistover an unescorted anarchist.OWith that he pushed a button on his terminal and within seconds a drone, identical tothe one which had led him here, appeared outside the officeSebastian touched the brim of his hat with his index and middle finger and gave him afinal nod and a wink before leaving the office.OLead the way toots,O he told the hovering thermos.It didnOt move but instead replied: OUnable to carry out assignment until party iscomplete. Missing: One artificial canine.OShit. Halfie! HeOd completely forgotten about him. Probably because heOd been quietwhich was unusual for him. Had he even entered the office? Sebastian wasnOt sure, but hewasnOt in there now that much was certain.He scanned the room but couldnOt see him anywhere. As he was contemplating his nextmove the fire exit door across the room slammed open with a loud crash and through the doorcame Halfie, closely followed by two out-of-breath policemen. He immediately honed in onSebastian and came running full sprint, jumping into his arms when he got close enough.Halfie was mostly metal and polymers and therefore not a lightweight, and as a directconsequence of this Sebastian lost his footing and fell on his arse holding a happy puppy whowas acting like everything was back to normal.It only took the pursuers a few seconds to catch up and come to an abrupt halt in frontof him.OIsE,O the officer bent over and rested his hands on his knees for support, trying tocatch his breath.OIs thisE your dog sir?O he managed to finish.He looked very peaky and Sebastian guessed he was not used to this amount ofexercise.39
OEhhh, yesE yes it is,O he answered haltingly.Having regained a bit of colour and appearing to breathe easier, the questioning officerpulled himself upright and tried to assume the traditional stance of authority: Legs wide,hands on hips and head slightly tilted back allowing the eyes to glare.OAnd what was it doing it the data centre if I may ask?OData centre? As far as Sebastian knew these were usually located near the top of thebuilding for better ventilation, so it would have been quite a trek for Halfie to get up there,not to mention getting past security, which was certain to be considerable.OI have no idea; he must have gone for a stroll while I was talking to detective Lowry.How did he get into a restricted area anyway? I thought you had that place sealed tighter thana whale's arsehole?OThe two officers shot furtive glances at each other and appeared embarrassed beforetrying to salvage the situation by going back on the offensive.OBe that as it may, he shouldnothave been allowed to roam around unsupervised!OSebastian spread he arms apologetically and said: Owhat can I say chaps, apologies? Noharm was intended and everything ended well so letOs just call it a day shall we?OWith that he got up from the floor, brushed himself off, patted both officers on theshoulder and turned towards the drone, which had been witnessing the unfolding events incomplete silence.OAll accounted for now, can we please leave?O he asked with a hint of annoyance in hisvoice.OOf course sir, follow me,O the drone replied and glided off.Sebastian left the two befuddled desk jockeys behind and walked towards the liftclosely followed by Halfie.Luckily they must have decided not to pursue the incident so Sebastian made it to theroof without being stopped.40
Arriving at his car he immediately noticed the message light blinking, and looking atthe screen he could see that he had been issued a fine for parking slightly outside theprescribed parking space; two centimetres to be exact.For fucks sake, Sebastian thought, how petty could you get? And why was it called afine anyway when it was anything but.Chapter 7: Team BriefingBy the time John arrived at Gunnersbury tube station in Chiswick his paranoia hadcome back full force. What if they were waiting for him at work? What if he was going tohave an OaccidentO in the garbage disposal room when he was alone? Maybe they hadnOt doneanything yet because it would be easier to cover it up on their own territory and they justwanted to lull him into a false sense of security.Maybe he was tagged. Maybe they knew exactly where he was and would pounce onhim the moment he made an unexpected move. Then again, maybe not. He did have atendency to let his imagination get the better of him, a trait the guys had often berated himfor. The best thing to do was probably just relax and try to keep his head down until he couldmeet with Bruno and Jerry at lunch. This unfortunately meant that Lars couldnOt be there ashe was on duty in the kitchen at the time, but this couldnOt wait until after work, he might bedead by then. Even waiting until lunch was risky.Walking the tiny distance from the station to Tinycorp Towers only took 2 minutes, andthe only reason it took that long was that he worked in the northern tower, which was furthestaway.The Towers had originally been six fairly modest office buildings, and Tinycorp hadbought the lot intending to tear them down in order to build one great, big monster of atower11, not completely without certain phallic connotations. The council had other ideashowever and ruled that since this was a preservation area, the buildings couldnOt be torn41
down, thus leaving the company with six too-small buildings. In spite of the impressiveweight they could throw around, both political and pecuniary, they found the answer to thequestion of what happens when an unstoppable force meets a council official: The question ismoot as nothing moves a council worker if he doesnOt want to be moved. The donkey of thepolitical world if you will, but with slightly better teeth. Slightly.The cunning solution to this was to leave the buildings as they were but merely extendthem a bit upwards. In this case by 66 floors, except for the main tower, which had 67 so thatthe CEO could be just that bit higher up. The towers were masterpieces of steel and glass,rising elegantly toward the sky. Each one was connected to two others every five floors bytransparent12enclosed walkways making it possible, if a bit of a trek, to walk between alltowers without going outside.John ran his pass through a scanner at the main gate and was let into a small booth.There were several of these scanners and booths next to his to allow for the huge throughputof people. Inside the booth he placed his hands on two circular pads, pressed his face againstwhat looked like a round pillow with holes where the mouth and eyes would be positionedand said: OJohn Smith, employee number 32X96K23P11FFFF1-4/B.ONothing happened and after a few seconds he repeated the information. Still nothinghappened and John sighed. A small screen flickered into life above the face scanner and astern looking face stared out at him.OOh, itOs you again Smith, I should have known,O the face said with annoyance.OHello hello,O John said with a weary apologetic smile. OItOs just not working for me, andIOm doing all the right things he explained for the 1000thtime.OWell as I keep telling you there is no way that the system wonOt be able to identify youbased on your face, eyes, breath, handprints and voice. You MUST be doing something11.This was in spite of the fact that the existing buildings were already appropriatelytransparent having been built in glass two centuries before.12.Yes I know, the future is awfully transparent.42
wrong!O he insisted, equally for the 1000thtime. OThe thing canOt pin you down, it just keepssearching and then locks up!OJohn shrugged and pulled a OI donOt know what to tell youO face. The exact sameexpression, which had confronted millions of technical support people since computers wereinvented.OAlright, IOll override the booth and let you in,O the angry face snapped after which thescreen immediately went black again and the booth opened to let him into the grounds.Apparently this had never happened to anyone else before or after John had joined thecompany. He found that hard to believe, but it definitely was a pain in the arse.He joined the general swell of people and steered towards tower 1 where he wentaround to the back entrance and swiped his card again at a solitary scanner. This time he onlyhad to put his face on a retinal scanner, but like before nothing happened. Again a screen litup above the scanner and the same guy as before appeared. When he saw John his eyes justnarrowed and the screen turned off abruptly, followed by the door next to it opening. Thiswas also part of the daily routine for John.Security was obviously very tight at Tinycorp. They were the most successful nano-technology company in the world and produced materials and nanobots for every use youcould think of and a few you couldnOt, wouldnOt or shouldnOt.This was why their security was based on the long-standing tenet of something youknow, something you have and something you are, although they did seem to overdo itslightly in the latter category, but there was no room for security holes in big business.Having finally been cleared John followed the shiny, white and unadorned corridor,took the first right and opened the first door on the left, which led him to a set of stairs. Theywere the kind of metal mesh stairs you always saw bad guys being shot through from belowin old 20thcentury classic movies; apparently Tinycorp hadnOt thought it worth spendingmoney replacing them when they refurbished the original building. If they had, they weresure to have been transparent. He could have taken the lift of course but it was only two43
floors down to the changing room and he always felt like a complete dick using a lift to gothat small distance.The changing room was one huge room with long rows of benches and lockers.Everyone working in building services had his or her own locker containing work uniforms(white overalls and white soft shoes) and whatever personal items there was room for. InJohnOs case this was just a RubikOs Cube13and a small bag with his costume in it; you neverknew when heroes might be needed straight after work.He changed into his overalls and immediately afterwards used his wrist to send Brunoand Jerry a message. It read: OLunch@12? I fancy peas.OThe latter being their pre-arranged code, which meant that he had official business todiscuss and it would make sure they turned up. With that out of the way he immediately feltbetter and more at ease. In addition, nothing had happened to him since entering the buildingand nobody had contacted him so it should be safe to start work.He was the Deputy Director of Redundant Usage Artefact Disposal and his jobconsisted of checking up on the garbage drones, doing their job when they failed and gettingthem retrieved and repaired when they malfunctioned. As with most other menial jobs in thisday and age collecting garbage was perfectly suited for drones, but equally as with most otherthings mechanical they invariably failed or just plain broke down. YouOd think that after twoand a half centuries with computers and a plethora of mechanical and electronic devices thisissue would have been solved, but luckily for John it hadnOt, so he could make his roundssecure in the knowledge that every day would see a substantial number of bins that had to beemptied manually, a considerable amount of personal items that had to be retrieved from theclutches of confused drones and a thankfully small number of drones running amok inoffices, gleefully emptying any vaguely container-like object in sight.13.A time wasting puzzle device thought to have been used for torture a couple ofcenturies earlier.44
It was an easy job and some people might have found it boring, but in JohnOsperspective it just gave him all the more surplus mental energy for The League and it alsosupplied the perfect secret identity.It was just before noon when he received notification that a drone was malfunctioningon the 26thfloor. Fuck! He only had 20 minutes before meeting the guys but the floor wassufficiently high not to be ignored for that long. If he hurried he could still make it, sorunning to the nearest lift he read the details of the situation on his wrist. Apparently thedrone was tripping up people and snickering afterwards. Very odd, usually they didnOt exhibitany human emotions like that, probably just a fried behaviour chip.Arriving on the floor in question two minutes later he walked hurriedly down thecorridor, checking the doors as he passed them for office 01-26-28. It was one of the firstdoors he passed and he breathed a sigh of relief, as he turned left through the doorway.The only warning he had was a low whirring noise and then he stubbed first one footand then the other on some metallic object and fell over flat on his face. As he lay there dazedfor a few seconds he heard a wheezing giggle behind him. Looking he saw a garbage dronespinning around its own axis, arms raised high in triumph.OSee?O a frustrated female voice came from above.John looked up and saw a giant of a woman looming over him, hands on her hips andhead tilted slightly to the side in the well-known OI bloody told you soO pose. He quicklyscrambled to get up and when he did he realised that she was actually quite petite when notobserved from the floor. She also had lovely green eyes and the cutest little nose, Johnthought but quickly reminded himself of the 28 floors separating them and tried focusing onthe job at hand.OWhen did it start acting strange?O he asked.OAbout half an hour ago when I was coming back to the office. It raced in front of meand made me fall over just like it did with you!O45
OI thought it was an accident as it then seemed to be resuming its duties, but apparentlyit was only biding its time because the moment Juliette came back from the washroom it spedhalfway across the room just to ram into her legs! She fell over and twisted her ankle and thistime the bloody thing chuckled!OOJuliette?O John asked with eyebrows raised questioningly.OSheOs on the desk opposite mine, also accounts, and now sheOs in the infirmary,O shefinished with an accusing stare, seemingly blaming John for the rogue robot.ORight, I see, well not to worry. IOll deactivate him and take him in for repairs alright?OOIf itOs no too much trouble?OOOh no, not at all, itOs my job after all,O he answered in all seriousness, never having hadthe knack for detecting sarcasm.She rolled her eyes and went back to her desk to sit down.John regretted not getting more time in her company but turned around to face themetallic miscreant. Walking up to the now dormant drone he reached down to flick the mainpower switch, but at the last second it shot between his legs and out the door while laughinghysterically arms once again raised in the air.Ok, officially odd he thought and ran after it. Using his wrist he sent a command to theunit to shut down, but to no effect. The chase went on through a large part of the floor,drawing many curious glances from people as they both sped past them. It was no good, hejust wasnOt fast enough to catch up with it. This was getting ridiculous and he could get into alot of trouble if he didnOt stop this thing running rampant very soon.Thankfully there was always a last resort solution, which heOd never had to use before.All robots and drones14had a tiny EMP explosive device installed in their core. This wasnOthardwired to anything so the unit couldnOt interact with it. The very useful thing about electromagnetic pulses was that they rendered any piece of electronic equipment within their area of14.Technically speaking droneswererobots, but traditionally drones were fairly simplemachines with basic capabilities and no intelligence to speak of, whereas a robot could beanything from a secretary to a doctor, possessing limited or advanced AI.46
effect useless, and a person with the right privileges, of which John was one, could remotelytrigger this device.Tapping out the needed command on his wrist he looked at the drone for visualconfirmation. It was just about to around a corner, still giggling, when a muffled bang couldbe heard from its direction. The unit stopped dead in its tracks and a thin trail of smokestarted to escape from the chassis.Thank fuck for that, John thought, stopping to catch his breath and allowing his heart tomove back into his chest from his throat. Better get the thing recovered. Too bad it was nowcompletely fried, he would have liked to examine its logs to see if he could find anyexplanation for the strange behaviour. His thoughts were interrupted by a message on hiswrist form Bruno: OWhere ru?O Crap, forgot all about lunch because of that hunk of junk. Hequickly answered: OomwO, scooped up the drone, threw it in the nearest utility closet and ranfor the lift.When he arrived in the canteen he spotted them immediately, not that it was hard tospot someone like Bruno, being seven feet tall and broad enough over the shoulders to gethim stuck in narrow doorways if he wasn't careful. He waved to get their attention, but theydidnOt seem to notice him so he just went straight to the food counter. He quickly got thespecial of the day, which was actually proper food.Tinycorp did look after its employees and one of the perks was to not have instamealsfor lunch. Having secured his feast, after finally getting the attention of the guy serving thefood, he walked over to the table where his fellow Gentlemen were sitting.OHey guys, sorry IOm late,O he said sitting down next to Jerry as a single errant elbowfrom Bruno could land you a concussion, and Bruno did like his food which wasnOt so mucheaten as devoured.OHad a small emergency that I had to take care of,O he explained.OWhich floor?O Jerry asked.O26th.O47
OAh, not easy to ignore then. Borderline though,O he nodded sagely with a piece ofcarrot on his fork.Jerry was quite small of build with dark shoulder length hair, which was parted in themiddle. His eyes were close together and he seemed to have a perpetual sardonic smile on hislips. It was the kind of smile that said: O I just shagged your wife and shat in your breakfastcereal, what are you going to do about it?O They were all used to it by now but he tended toget on everybodyOs nerves quite quickly.OSo,O Bruno said with his mouth full of food, spitting small pieces of bangers and mashall over the table. OWhatOs this about? You donOt often crave peas for lunch.OJohn looked around to see if there was anyone nearby, leaned forward conspiratoriallyand started speaking in a hushed tone. In fact, if there were such a thing as a Ocovertdiscussion detection deviceO, the alarms would have gone off immediately.ODid you hear about the science guy who got killed last week?O he whispered,alternating his gaze between them.They both looked at him, then each other and shrugged.ONo mate, was it someone important?O Bruno asked.OOnly 64thfloor!O John answered with an ample dose of sarcasm.OItOs been all over the bloody channels, how could you have missed it?O he saiddisbelievingly.OI only subscribe to the entertainment channels,O Bruno said and looked a Jerry whonodded and said: OYeah, me too.OJohn stared at them both for a few moments looking a bit lost. This was why he was theleader he thought. Without him to keep abreast of the latest developments in society and toorganize and harness their powers nothing would ever get done. It also annoyed him a bit thatthey didnOt know about the killing, as it would make his follow-up revelation seem lessexciting,andit would need a preamble. He hated having to preamble exciting revelations.OOk let meexplainthen,O he said, not even trying to hide his annoyance.OA few days ago one of our top scientists was found murdered on level zero in Fulham.O48
OWhat was he doing there?O Jerry interjected.OI donOt know, thatOs part of the mystery but itOs not the best part.OHe looked around again and lowered the pitch of his voice about an octave to maximisethe dramatic effect.OI watched him die.OThis was followed by complete silence as they both just stared at him.OWhat were you doing in Fulham in the middle of the night?O Jerry asked suspiciously.OWhat?O John half whispered and half shouted with incredulity written on his face inupper case letters.OIOm telling you that I watched one of our most senior scientists die and the first thingyou ask is what I was doing there?O he hissed.OWell you have to admit itOs a strange place and time for you to be, especially sinceyouOre afraid of the dark,O Jerry said defensively and looked at Bruno for confirmation, whichhe received in the form of nodded agreement.OIOm not afraid of the dark,O John said tersely.OYes you are,O Jerry reciprocated.OAm not.OOOh yes you are, and how.OOAmnot.OOYou so are.OONo IOmnot!!OThere was a small pause and then Jerry smiled his special cereal-shitting smile andcontinued in a singsong voice: OYes you aaaaaaareEOJohn was about to put his hands around JerryOs neck when Bruno said loudly: OEnough!OOJerry you should know better than to use your powers on friends, save it for the badguys, and John donOt be such a child. Continue with your story. Whywereyou there in thefirst place?O49
BrunoOs outburst had surprised him enough to make him forget JerryOs goading andinstead he started to look a bit embarrassed.OI wasnOt there, thatOs the whole point. And technically I didnOt watch him die, but Ididsee his dead body and it was not in Fulham. It was in this very tower and this very companythe day before he was allegedly killed.Both Bruno and Jerry started to look intrigued, which suited John a lot better. Hechecked the immediate surroundings again before turning back to the table.OI was doing my rounds as normal that day and just as I passed one of the big labs onthe 64th, the door opened and I looked in. I saw the science guy lying dead on the floorEOOWhatOs his name?O Bruno interrupted. OIOm getting really tired of hearing about OscienceguyO.OJohn was annoyed about the interruption but Bruno had a point.OHang on, let me look it up,O he said and looked at his wrist.OFranz Jaeger,O he said almost immediately. OHappy now? Can I continue?OOYes, go ahead,O Bruno replied with a straight face.John stared at him a moment longer for effect and then continued.OSo I looked into the room and sawFranzon the floor. There were two medicscrouched over him with various bits of equipment and two suits looking very twitchy, one ofwhom had just opened the door. I only heard the tail-end of the conversation but I distinctlyheard one of them say: OE fool, it was a normal heart attack. Make sure it stays that way andthat no-one feels inclined to dig deeper, understand?O. The guy doing the ordering about thenleft the room and went off, but I saw him take the lift up, which means floor 65, 66 or even67!OOAnd why didnOt they confront you? You were right there!O Bruno inquired.OI must have turned my power on instinctively,O John shrugged. O ThereOs no other waythey couldOve missed me.OBruno, who had always secretly doubted JohnOs much vaunted power, was sceptical butcouldnOt offer a better explanation.50
OAnyway, I was so shocked I couldnOt move and about a minute later the door openedagain. This time it was the other suit closely followed by the medics who were carrying astretcher with a body bag on it. They also didnOt see me and went quickly to the lift. One daylater Franz was found shot in the back in Fulham. On level zero no less!O John finished.OSo what are you saying, somebody shot him here and dumped him there?O Jerry asked.OIt certainly looks like it donOt you think? But why would the suit talk about a heartattack then? Surely a few holes in the back would fairly quickly discreditthattheory, unlessthey paid off the coroner of course, which isnOt entirely inconceivable,O John replied.OI just donOt get it. Why cover up his death in the first place and why dump him inFulham?O said Jerry.OVery odd indeed,O Bruno added looking speculative. OWhat do you suggest we do?OJohn checked the surroundings again before answering. OFirst of all IOve been reallyworried that they saw me after all but only remembered later, or that I might be on thesurveillance log. In fact, IOm most definitely on the surveillance log unless my power workson cameras as well, I just donOt know. I think they would have made some kind of move ifthey knew so IOm probably safe for now, but IOd like those logs checked out.He looked at Jerry expectantly.OIOll see what I can find, but itOs not easy tampering with them if youareon there.OI know, just do what you can. Meanwhile, until we know more we probably shouldnOtdraw any attention to ourselves but just keep an eye out for anything that could be related.OThey both looked a bit worried but nodded in reply. They all knew that large companieswere ruthless and Tinycorp was no exception, so if they were deemed a threat who knewwhat could happen. It wouldnOt involve tea and biscuits though that was for sure. Exceptmaybe if the tea was boiling hot and poured unto a sensitive area and the biscuits insertedsomewhere eternally sun-less. The point was, none of them wanted to find out, but they allhad a duty to use their powers to help others and fight injustice so that was what theyOd do.Even if it meant being slightly inconvenienced.51
Chapter 8: Give the Man a HandThe data Sam had given him didnOt amount to much. Sebastian was going through thevarious bits while flying his car in a very reckless manner. He needed to talk to the doctor atQueen Charlottes whom Victoria claimed to have talked to, but on the way there heOd swingby the scene of the crime for a quick look.According to the forensics he was shot twice in the back by a high-powered plasmaweapon. These werenOt standard ordnance and you certainly couldn't buy one as a privateindividual, which meant either military or corporate security. Even trying to get one from theblack market would be close to impossible. Chalk up another point for the corporationconspiracy theory.HeOd been found lying on the street with his wrist still attached to a public terminal,terminal at a terminal as it were. But Sam had had no luck tracing JaegerOs online activitiesfurther than asserting that he contacted his home network over a heavily encryptedconnection and transferred a substantial amount of data. HeOd asked the widow for moreinformation concerning the nature of the transfer but had run against a brick wall no matterhow much he pressed her.Nothing had been recorded on surveillance as most of the lenses in that area werebroken and Sam hadnOt been able to locate any witnesses, which was hardly surprising as nosane person would be seen at nightanywhereon level zero. I bet he didn't look hard enoughthough, Sebastian thought.Another thing that didnOt work on his car was the parking space locator. Thisfunctionality was part of the normal autopilot and communicated with the building AIs tofind a vacant spot. Hover cars had made parking a lot easier in big cities but there were stillan obscene amount of them and finding parking spaces manually across several parkingfloors in a building could be a challenge. A challenge Sebastian relished however. It was likea mini treasure hunt every time and healwaysfound a spot. The only downside was theinnumerable attempts by the various AIs to persuade him to accept assistance. They never52
took no for an answer and couldnOt seem to process the fact that heOd rather not have any help.This instance was no exception.OWelcome to the Gilliam building,O a pleasant female voice announced through his carspeakers.OPlease sit back, relax and allow me to find a suitable space for your vehicle.OA few seconds went by in silence. Here we go again, Sebastian thought.OThere seems to be a problem with the navigation circuit in your vehicle or maybe itOsdisabled. Please enable it so I can take control,O the AI said.'Yeah right, thatOll be the day when I hand over the control of my car,' Sebastianmumbled while scouting around the first floor for a space.OPardon?OONothing, I wasnOt talking to you.OOVery well sir, standing by while you engage the navigational unit.OHe continued cruising around the floor in a random pattern and it was a few secondsbefore he was interrupted again.OSir?OOEOOExcuse me sir?OOEOOYes?O Sebastian replied wearily.OIOm still not able to communicate with your navigational system, are you sure itOsturned on?OONo, in fact IOm very sure its not as itOs broken.OOBroken?OOYes.OOEOOBut that makes me unable to park the car for you sir,O the AI said in a distraught voice.53
OIt certainly does, how very astute of you,O Sebastian replied absent-mindedly while stilltrying to locate a vacant space. There didnOt seem to be any free spaces on this floor so heexited the building and went down a level. Parking floors didnOt have any direct access forcars between floors, but then they didnOt have any outer walls either, making it very easy togain access.OBut, butE what will you do?O the voice stammered from the carsO speakers after a briefpause.OOh IOll just have to try and muddle through without you somehow,O he answered.There was another long pause.ODo you want me to call someone to repair your navigational computer for you sir?O itoffered optimistically, trying desperately to return to more familiar territory.ONope.OThere was another audible pause.OWhy not?OOBecause IOm quite happy with it in its current state and IOm quite capable of finding myown way around, thank you,O he answered irritably.OYouOreEhappywith it broken?OOYes.OOOh.OApparently this had it stumped as Sebastian was left alone for almost a minute before itreturned, desperate to fulfil some function.OI supposed I could tell you where to find the nearest vacant parking space sir?O it saidhopefully.ONo thanks,O he replied again. OIOm doing just fine on my own.OOIOm very sorry to be the bearer of bad news sir but your success rate up until this pointwould indicate quite the opposite.OOIs that so?O54
OWell, yes. It would be the logical choice to accept my help in this matter. Do you wantme to direct you?OONo.OHe could almost hear the machine wrestling with all its programming and circuitrybefore saying weakly: OPlease?OSebastian stopped and started banging his forehead against the controller in frustration.Not only had machines infiltrated and taken over every aspect of our lives, now they werealso needy! It used to be you had to be married to find yourself in that position. On the otherhand heOd now searched two floors with no luck and he wanted to get on with theinvestigation. It would be a bad idea to still be in Fulham after dark.OAlright then, tell me where I can find a spot,O he said dejectedly.OYes sir, right away!O it trilled cheerfully. OGo down to the next floor, row G space 41and youOll find what you need.ORefusing to express gratitude to the glorified calculator Sebastian remained silent andflew to the designated area where, true enough, he found the long sought for space he wanted.OAnything else I can help you with today sir?O it asked just as he was about to turn offthe engine.ONO!O he shouted.OAlrighty then, have a nice day,O it finished happily.He waited a few moments for the red haze to pass before getting out of the car withHalfie. Taking the lift down he found himself on the busy KingOs Road minutes later. Levelzero was never glamorous and SebastianOs office was not in an especially nice area, butFulham was a real shithole. For some reason the area seemed to attract the most unsavouryelements of society, and not even in a semi-nice way where you had lots of drinking,gambling and varying degrees of hedonistic behaviour going on, no this was just a horribleplace to be with no redeeming features what so ever. The immediate area consisted mostly ofsmall grubby shops selling basic necessities, pawn brokers, bars and a large amount of55
suspicious looking people loafing about or clustering around burnt out cars and other debrisform the upper levels.Sebastian pulled his collar up and the brim of his hat down and tried to blend in bylooking seedy as well. Checking his wrist for the exact location of where Jaeger was found itturned out to be just around the corner. He got there without being offered dodgy stims orgetting hit on the head with something heavy, which was more than heOd hoped for.He found the terminal and was once again disappointed not to see a chalk outline.These hadnOt been used for more than 200 years but they still seemed to beE fittingsomehow, Sebastian thought. A perimeter generator15just didnOt have the same visceralimpact when you saw it, although it did have a physical impact if you tried crossing it.In this case however it looked like someone had nicked the generator, which was quiteironic.Sebastian performed a cursory search of the area around the terminal but didnOt seeanything of interest. He also wouldnOt be able to get more information from the terminal thanthe police had already retrieved, but he did stand a better chance of finding out what Jaegerhad transmitted to his house before dying. Victoria was bound to be more inclined toacquiesce to SebastianOs requests.It was now late afternoon and most other streets would still be bustling with people, butthis place was practically deserted now. The odd hunched over person would enter or exit therun down looking pub on the other side of the street. You could just make out the name of itthrough the layers of grime: The Cock. There was also a picture next to the name for thebenefit of people who might get confused. No, not that, a fowl you dirty rotter!15.Perimeter generators were used by the police to sequester an area from the generalpopulace. It was a small metallic device, which looked like a garden lamp, and it generated aspherical force field around itself with a diameter of about ten metres. If you tried crossing itwithout authorisation it would be like walking into a wall, although it wasnOt powerfulenough to stop a bullet.56
Every other faade within a 100 metres looked boarded up. Even the pub lookedboarded up, but if you looked hard you could just make out two small surfaces thatcouldbewindows. Whether they had any amount of transparency left in them was another matterthough.Better check it out, Sebastian thought. There wasnOt anything else to go on here and hehated having to leave empty-handed. Crossing the street he looked around to see if anyonewas observing him; seeing nobody he opened the door and entered.Like any ground level establishment it was just the lowest floor in a massive high-rise.The owners, or at least some previous owner, had done their best trying to make the soullessconcrete rooms look like an old-fashioned pub. A substantial amount of fake wood panellinghad been used to create this effect, alongside dark wooden furniture, beer smelling carpet, awide assortment of pictures of royals from ages past16and last but not least, insufficientlighting.The place was about half full and people were sitting in small groups sipping theirdrinks quietly. A few gave him an extra glance, probably due to the trench coat and fedora,but soon turned back to their pints.The bar was in the middle of the room, the counter doing a full 360 around a pillar thathoused a number of shelves filled with ancient-looking bottles of every kind. The wholeplace was quite unsanitary even by SebastianOs standards, which spoke volumes in itselfconsidering his own living conditions, and it was not without a certain amount of trepidationand, letOs be honest, naked fear that he went to order a drink. He didnOt actually want a drink,especially not here, but he did want to ask the bartender some questions and the unwrittenrule was that you had to buy something first while you sized each other up. Most people,including the police, would just barge straight in with their questions and theyOd get nowhere.You had to follow the natural order of things.16.The monarchy had finally been abolished in 2110 and Buckingham Palace nowhoused an amusement park after failing as a museum. Ride the Royal Rollercoaster! HauntHenryOs House of Horror!57
As admirable as SebastianOs efforts were when it came to playing it cool, it didnOt havequite the desired impact when you tried to order fruit juice.OYou whaO?O the balding, sweaty, urine stained prize of a man behind the bar said.OYou heard me, fruit juice, pear if youOve got it but IOm flexible,O Sebastian repliedleaning against the counter while pushing his hat back and slowly surveying he room withsquinted eyes.The guy stared at Sebastian for a few seconds, waiting for the punch line. Finallyrealising that he wasnOt joking he said: ORight, I might have something in the backEOHe disappeared around the corner of the bar and Sebastian utilised the time to observethe clientele a bit more closely.Very generally speaking there were two kinds of patrons in here: Aging, lonelyunfortunates who had been chewed up, half digested and spat out by life and now just wantedto numb the pain and forget the cruel pointlessness of existence, and small time criminalswho needed a place to conduct their business and get pissed at the same time.There seemed to be a lot more of the former than the latter at the moment, which was agood thing; if anyone had seen or heard anything it would have been a regular. Particularlyone who would have been sitting next to one of the windows.Both the window seats were currently occupied. By the left one sat a middle-aged manwith long black hair that was starting to go grey. He was wearing shabby clothes and keptnodding off, resulting in his hair dipping into his beer. The man by the other window wholooked to be about 70 was nursing a pint and looking through the dirty pane of glass. He waswearing old-fashioned but stylish clothes, which had seen better days but at least theyappeared clean. He was holding on to his glass with his left hand, resting his right arm on thewindowsill. The resting arm seemed to be bionic but not in a very good state. It was cheapgovernment issue from the looks of it; with fake skin flaking off and occasional small holespock marking the surface.Hearing shuffling feet behind him Sebastian turned around only to be greeted by acloud of grit and dust as the bartender blew a lungful of air unto a small can he was holding.58
Sebastian recoiled and started coughing while trying to get away form the worst of it. Slack-faced like before the bartender just kept holding the can up until Sebastian had recoveredsufficiently to be able to pay attention and then said: OFruit juice, peach,O proceeding to openthe can and pour the contents into a dirty pint-glass.Sebastian eyed the liquid with utmost suspicion. It looked more greyish than peachcoloured and also considerably less viscous than youOd like your juice to be.Having poured all of the content into the glass he threw the now empty can in the bin(or on the floor, who knows) and pushed the glass across the counter towards Sebastian.O4k,O he stated.Sebastian wanted to put a large bank note on the counter and then keep his hand on itwhile he made it clear that the barkeep could have it all if he answered a few questions, butunfortunately cash money didnOt exist anymore so he had to do the best he could with what hehad. He rolled up his left sleeve, exposing his wrist, and slammed it on the bar in a positionwhere the mouth breather could see it. Giving him a meaningful look he typed in 50k on theshort-range transaction screen and circled his right index finger over the commit button. Inthe best of circumstances this was a poor substitute for the old way of doing it and thesewerenOt the best circumstances, as the bartender didnOt even look at the wrist. He chose toignore this minor hurdle and pressed on with the plan.OIf you could be so kind as to answer a few questions, I might commit this transactionalthough it is blatantly a lot more than what I owe you, if you catch my drift?O he saidconspiratorially and winked.Old urine stain shifted his vacant gaze to SebastianOs wrist and then back again.OThat wonOt get you much. What do you want to know?OOWhen do you usually close?OOWe donOt, thereOs always someone here. If not me then me mum or me aunt.OOSo you were open at 3am on the 5th of May? ThatOs last Tuesday to you.OOYeah,O he replied elaborately.OAnd did you know someone was killed just on the other side of street that night?O59
OSo?O he said indifferently and shrugged his shoulders.OWell did you see or hear anything when it happened?OONope, already told the pigs, I didnOt see or hear anything.OOAnd what about your customers, did any of them exhibit an awareness of theirsurroundings that might have been superior to yours?OThe bartender didnOt answer and Sebastian could tell from the slight change in his dullstare that he was trying to process the advanced vocabulary and sentence structure.OI meant did your customers see or hear anything?O he explained after a while when itdidnOt seem like the professor was any closer to a result.Back in the world that made sense he replied: OI dunno, why donOt you ask them?OSebastian decided that this wasnOt going anywhere and just gave him a blank stare for afew seconds before hitting the commit button on his wrist, picking up his questionable drinkand turning to face the room again. His eyes wandered back to the two men sitting by thewindows. Dipping your hair in beer was never a good sign when it came to instigatingintelligent conversation, but the older guy seemed quite composed and would probably evenappreciate the company.Taking the few steps across the room he stopped right next to the chair opposite histarget. OMind if I join you?O he asked, trying his best to look amiable.The man looked up and now Sebastian could see that the right half of his face wasscarred and his right eye looked artificial. Government issue again.OWhy of course, be my guest,O he said happily as his face lighted up.Sebastian smiled back and put his hat and juice on the table before sitting down. Thelatter received a puzzled look and a shrug from the old man.OPoeOs the name,O Sebastian said and stretched his arm across the table to shake hands.The man hesitated for just an instant and then swung his right hand forward accompanied bya loud whirring noise. It hit SebastianOs hand with a slap and then started crushing the life outof its much weaker biological cousin.60
Sebastian screamed and tried to wrest his hand out of the excruciating grip with no luckwhile the old man started beating the apparently autonomous appendage using his other handwith a horrified look on his face.OLeggo you bastard leggo!O he screamed, almost drowning out SebastianOs wails ofanguish. He continued pummelling the thing and as suddenly as it had sprung into action it letgo and returned to its former dormant position on the windowsill.Sebastian immediately withdrew his crumpled hand and hugged it to his chest, coveringit protectively with its undamaged left sibling.OWhat the HELL was that?!O he shouted at the now very concerned-looking, not sogentle man.OIOm so, so sorry! I should have known better but I thought it rude to not shake yourhand, so I chanced it. Is anything broken?O the old man inquired, guilty worry suffusing everyfold in his face.Sebastian stared at him for a few seconds in indignant outrage and then looked down toinspect the damage. The hand looked a bit folded lengthwise and he couldnOt move anyfingers without blinding pain, but at least it was an equal amount of pain in each, suggestingthat no nerves had been severed.OOnly if I include the bones!O he snapped while reaching into his right inner pocket withhis left hand, retrieving a small flat pouch which he opened to reveal a number of smallcompartments filled with an assortment of pills and other medical supplies. He selected asmall synthine17needle-pouchand injected it straight into his hand. Almost instantaneouslythe pain went away and Sebastian congratulated himself on having the prescience to alwayscarry his stimpack with him. You just never knew when you might need superior drugs. Withhis hand twisted hideously out of shape but the pain subdued, at least for an hour or so, heturned his attention back to the destroyer of fine motor skills.17.Synthine: A synthetic painkiller, extremely effective. Goes from pain to milddiscomfort to pleasure in five seconds flat. Needle-pouch: Single use squeezable containerwith integrated needle for injecting medicine.61
OYou were saying?O he said acidly.The old man was still looking extremely guilt-ridden, which did assuage SebastianOs illwill towards him a bit. He was fiddling nervously with his glass using his left hand, while thepsycho-arm remained motionless.OI really am terribly sorry Mr. Poe, but itOs the arm you see, it hasnOt been right for yearsand I canOt afford to get it looked at. It just randomly seems to acquire a mind of its own andthat usually involves crushing things or just wild flailing if IOm lucky. Can you forgive an oldvet? The nameOs Archibald by the way, my friends call me Archie.OSebastian had calmed down a bit now the pain was gone and he was exposed to thesincerity of ArchieOs plea. He gave a small nod and allowed a tiny smile to claw its waythrough his wary exterior.ONice to meet youArchibald,O he said emphasizing his full name.OHow did you lose your arm? Is your field of expertise crocodiles or very large dogs?OArchie looked puzzled for a moment and then his face lit up as he chuckled. ONo, no,no, a veteran, not a veterinarian. I fought in the great Mars uprising you see,O he clarifiedmatter of factly even though Sebastian knew that the uprising had been the nastiest conflict inrecent times, and also the last one to involve humans on both sides. Ever since it was decidedto break one of the core laws of robotics Ofor the greater goodO, machines had been fightingthe battles of the civilised world18.Thankfully these battles had been almost nonexistent since the law was changed.Fighting an enemy which was superior to you in almost every way, with the possibleexception of sense of humour, but even this depended on the individual in question, justwasn't much fun. Some people predicted that once every nation could afford a synthetic armyweOd be back to square one, and they were of course right. Since trade couldnOt be restricted,as that would mean less profit and less cheap crap to buy, the world was on the cusp of a newarms race involving synthetic life forms.He glanced at SebastianOs arm and said: OArenOt you going to get that looked at?O18.OBattles of the civilised world.O Now if that isnOt an oxymoron, I donOt know what is.62
OI just happen to be going to a hospital after this anyway, so yes, but it can wait a bit. Iwant to ask you some questions.OOOh dear, I suspected this would happen. Are you from the police? You donOt look likepolice.OOIOm not police no, and donOt worry, I wonOt get you into any trouble. Just a fewquestions thatOs it, alright?OArchie relaxed a bit but still looked worried.OI guess I owe you that much after what I did to your hand,O he said with regret in hisvoice.OWell, I wouldnOt want you to feel at all obligated, but yes, youdokind of owe me. BigTime.O Sebastian said only half seriously. He liked the old guy in spite of his faulty extremityand its capacity for destruction.OItOs about the guy who got shot isnOt it?O Archie almost whispered, leaning forward toget closer to Sebastian.SebastianOs primal instincts were screaming at him to move away from the man and getas much distance as possible between him and the angry arm, but they were overruled by hisdesire to find out what Archie had seen. He also leaned forward to meet him halfway acrossthe table. Sitting like this they looked just like most of the other shady characters going abouttheir dodgy business, which was probably just as well. Rather be taken for a small time crookthan a copper in a place like this.OYes,O Sebastian nodded, barely containing his thrill at hitting the jackpot so soon.OWhat did you see?OArchie glanced around in a textbook conspicuous manner and started whispering. OI sawthe guy coming down the street and stopping at the terminal on the other side of the streetwhere he seemed to be doing something. I didnOt pay much notice after that as a lot of peopleuse that terminal, although this time it was a bit odd. Usually no oneOs around at that time ofnight. The only reasonIOmhere is that the sleep regulator they gave me in the army is also63
broken so I never get tired, and Paul and his sister let me sit here from time to time after theyclose up. TheyOre good people they are.OOIf that oaf up there at the bar is Paul, then you could have fooled me,O Sebastianretaliated and glanced at the barman who was at this very moment blowing his nose and thenproceeding to use the cloth to wipe down the counter.OOh I know he can seem a bit brusque, but itOs all a show. You have to act tough tosurvive here,O Archie chuckled and waved a dismissive hand. Luckily it wasnOt the bionicbaseball bat or someone might have been killed.OSo you were saying you didnOt pay him any attention after his initial appearance?OSebastian urged him on, keen to learn all he needed before the painkiller wore off.OThatOs right, I didnOt until I saw two sharp flashes of light out of the corner of my eye.Flashes I knew all too well,O he added and gestured towards his right arm with his head.OPlasma weapons?O Sebastian suggested although he knew perfectly well what theanswer would be.OIndeed,O Archie confirmed and seemed to sag a bit in his seat as if recalling a sad event.He sat still for a moment staring a something only he could see before snapping out of it andclearing his throat.OSo anyway, where was I? Oh yes, I saw the flashes and looked out the window where Isaw the man who had arrived moments earlier, crumbling to the ground. Behind him stoodthese two huge guys, built like brick shithouses they were, wielding identical Fuego XZTMk2s. They looked around quickly, put away the guns, seemed to check his neck for a pulseand walked off. The poor sod on the ground was still attached to the terminal and his arm wassticking straight up into the air as if he was pointing at a constellation.OOYou seem awfully sure of the weapons they were holding considering they were agood 30 meters away?O Sebastian commented.OWell I damn well should be. I carried one of those bastards around for 18 years. MinehadnOt been shortened to be used one-handed though, thatOs just insane. The recoil wouldbreak the wrist of most men firing it.O64
Sebastian had pulled out a notebook and was scribbling in it as Archie spoke. This wasanother quirk of his as the press of a button on his wrist would record and transform intowriting any spoken word in a 5 meter radius, but once again it just feltrightdoing it like this.It was extremely slow going writing with his left hand and the software translating hishieroglyphs into stored text as he wrote on the ePaper almost certainly was being pushed toits limits trying to decipher it.OAnd what did they look like these two goons?O Sebastian asked after he finishedwriting.OI couldnOt tell them apart, they looked so much alike. Both huge, as easy to get over asaround. IOd say about 2.10 meters and easily 120 kg. They were both blonde with slicked backhair and sunglasses, and they were wearing coats like yours, only black. Oh, and militaryboots as well.OSebastian scribbled on. OAnd youOre sure they didnOt see you?OOYes, quite sure, I always have the lights turned off and you can see the state of thewindows for yourself, theyOre not exactly high on opacity.OSebastian nodded in agreement. OAnything else you can tell me?OONo, no, not really, but I do have a favour to ask and some advice for you.OOShoot.OOFirstly, please donOt tell anyone about me or what I saw? Especially the police.OODonOt worry, itOll be completely confidential,O Sebastian said and waved his handdismissively.OI mean it,O Archie persisted. OI donOt want any of this coming back to me, ever. I maynot have many years left, but I do insist on living them. Agreed?OOAgreed,O Sebastian nodded. OAnd the piece of advice?OODonOt get involved in this. Whatever it is, it is not something youOll survive if youcontinue, IOm sure of it. These guys werenOt amateurs. Do you have any idea what connectionsyou must have to get your hands on the military hardware they were using, not to mention thebody augmentation to fire it without causing injury to themselves? Also, they were wearing65
sunglasses at night time, which is never a good sign. It means theyOre either complete twatswho worry too much about what everyone else thinks of them or theyOre so tough and meanthey donOt care or need to care what anyone thinks of them. Killers yes, but twats they werenot,O he finished, looking pleadingly at Sebastian.ODonOt worry old-timer, I do this for a living. I donOt have a middle name but if I did itwould be Danger, or possibly Rodney, but the fact remains that itOll take more than two clichNeanderthals to keep me off this case.OArchie sighed and looked a bit dejected. OWell, itOs your funeral, but I do hope youreconsider. You seem like a nice enough bloke, and IOd hate to see you end up like the poorprofessor.OODuly noted,O Sebastian said and gave him a big unconcerned smile despite havinggotten a tiny bit rattled by ArchieOs sincere plea.He started getting up, putting on his hat in the process. ONow if youOll excuse me, IOvegot to get my hand sorted. ItOs been a pleasure and I appreciate the information.OArchie waved a dismissive hand. OIOm glad to help, I just hope you change your mind.OOIOd be lying if I said I would but I appreciate the sentiment.OHe started towards the door but turned around and said: ODonOt worry, this all staysbetween you and me.OArchie gave a small nod and the weak smile of someone who still hoped but hadstopped believing a long time ago.Sebastian left The Cock and made his way back to his car. It was now early eveningand the crazy ratio on the street had begun to increase, but he made the journey back withoutincident.He had planned to call it a day after this and get back to his office to compile an updatefor Victoria, but the state of his hand required hospital treatment so he figured he might aswell kill two politicians with one cricket bat and look into VictoriaOs story about the first timeher husband died.66
Driving manually with one hand wasnOt easy and as he took off from the parking floorhe shut off his com system after the building AI started nattering on about helping him leave.Leaving the building and entering the world of rushing hover-crafts and gargantuan, shiny ad-boards he flew towards Queen CharlotteOs Hospital.Chapter 9: There, There, All BetterIt was a short trip to Hammersmith and the painkiller was still doing an excellent job ofkeeping SebastianOs girlish screams at bay. Landing on manual with one hand proved eventrickier than taking off, but mercifully he found a spot straight away. With the wonders ofadvanced nano technology there was no illness or disease that couldnOt be cured. Gone werethe days of spending months in a hospital getting surgery and other treatments for the mosttrivial things. Nanobots existed for curing any illness known to man and the only surgeryperformed these days was for implants, which had only a minimal recovery time. It would bea matter of hours before your could leave a hospital after having major reconstructive surgeryand any scar tissue would be gone after a day or two.As a result of this it was never hard to find a parking space at a hospital as had been theissue before the advent of superior technology in the health arena.It was a comparatively small building with only 30 or so floors of which only one wasdedicated to parking, namely the roof. Making his way to the entrance, Halfie hot on hisheels, he couldnOt help but wonder what it must have been like to live in a time when life wasalmost exclusively lived on terra firma and you could die from all kinds of interestingdiseases. 200 years ago SebastianOs meaty pulp of a hand would have been lucky to remainfunctional and it sure as hell wouldnOt have looked pretty even after healing up for months.All these things were taken for granted now, and while there was no denying that not beingable to catch something that could make your teeth fall out or your rectum bleed was a reallygood thing, there was now a certain sterility to life for lack of a better word. There was no67
risk involved for anything except outright lethal activities, but with no risk came also nothrill. In SebastianOs view there was no true thrill without the risk of loss. People used to takepride in the risks they took and any physical evidence of it, as long as it wasnOt debilitating ofcourse, then youOd just be branded as a bit of an idiot. Ancient tribes would parade scars formbattles theyOd fought as badges of honour and theyOd be admired for it. Sebastian sighed, heOdbeen born too late, thatOs all there was to it. On the flip side he could enjoy having sexwithout fear of his willie falling off.The woman at the reception gave his hat a quick glance but smiled and asked him howshe could help. He showed her his hand and was told to go to a minor injury medical boothon the same floor. He didnOt have to go far as the booths seemed to occupy most of theimmediate area. They looked like giant eggs and the only outside indication that this wasn'tthe mislaid offspring of Cluckzilla was the vague outline of a door and a glowing button,which was green in most cases but red in others. He picked a green one and pushed it. Thedoor slid open and revealed a minimalist interior consisting of a seat, a small screen andnothing else. He got in and sat down while the door closed behind him and was relieved tosee that the inside of the door had a green button as well. The last thing he saw as the doorslid shut was HalfieOs lolling tongue as he sat outside waiting patiently. A dim light wascoming from the walls and subdued bossa-nova music seemed to come from no place inparticular.OWelcome to the Patel Injury Station,O a male voice with an Indian accent proclaimed.OPlease sit still while I scan your person for injuries.OA low hum could now be heard but apart from that there was no indication thatanything was going on. After about 10 seconds the voice returned.OMinor injury detected in right hand, multiple bone fractures and considerable damageto flesh, sinew and derma. Estimated treatment time, 31 seconds, estimated recovery time, 42hours. If you wish to proceed with treatment at this time please confirm by saying OYesO or bypressing the OYesO button on the screen.68
At this the screen lit up and displayed just two large buttons with Yes and No writtenon them respectively.OYes,O Sebastian confirmed and braced himself for what he knew was coming.OCommencing treatment. Please hold your hand in front of you and sit still,O the voicecommanded.Not visible from SebastianOs position a small opening appeared in the base of his seatand out of this came a thin metallic-looking tube with a syringe at the end. It curved its wayup around him and toward his outstretched hand where it unceremoniously plunged in. Thepainkiller had started to wear off and it stung, but moments after the liquid infused withmillions of tiny nanobots had been injected the pain subsided. The bots were already on thejob mending his shattered hand and as an added bonus they were also convincing his painreceptors that everything was just dandy, nothing to see here. When the job was done theywould automatically move to his bladder and be expelled that way. Sebastian had alwayssuspected that some of them stayed behind, lying dormant for some sinister future purposeconceived of by the government. He did however prefer his hand to be functional rather thancrippled and this was the only way. Besides, Calvin had given him thorough scans on manyoccasions and had assured him that he wasnOt bugged or infested with tiny tattle-tales ornefarious nano miscreants. This did absolutely nothing to alleviate his paranoia of course.OInjection successfully completed,O the voice happily announced. OPlease stand by forapplication of protective cast.OWith that the syringe retracted into the tube and out came another device, which lookeda bit like a hairbrush. It started moving around his hand in an intricate pattern and at a rapidlyaccelerating speed, expelling thin threads of some web-like material. The goo soon coveredhis entire hand as a second skin and as the hairbrush stopped as suddenly as it had begun andstarted retracting into the chair, he could already feel the material harden. As it did so it alsopulled his bones, skin and flesh into a more traditional hand shape rather than the previousorigami version. This was accompanied by some almost inaudible crunching noises, butSebastian felt nothing.69
OPlease be advised that the current estimate of healing time is only accurate if theaffected area is not put under undue stress in the meantime. Upon completion the cast willautomatically fall off. Thank you for using a Patel Industries service, please come again,O thevoice added in an upbeat tone.ONot if I can help it,O Sebastian mumbled too himself and got out of the chair. Pressingthe door button and exiting the egg he was greeted by happy yapping from Halfie whoseemed to have stayed put for once, and after an affectionate scratch behind the ear he walkedback to the reception.OEverything all right?O the woman asked, smiling pleasantly.OApart from the fact that the machine treated the wrong hand everything wentswimmingly yes,O Sebastian answered with a big grin.OYouOre joking!O she exclaimed, a look of horror on her face.OYes,O he replied, still grinning and winked at her.It took a few seconds before comprehension dawned on her face but then she laughedwith relief, putting her hand on her chest.OYou had me worried there!O she said when sheOd finished laughing. OAll I could thinkwas OOh no, not again!OShe started laughing hysterically again and SebastianOs grin froze.OAgain? You mean that actually happens?O he asked, outraged at the levity with whichhis health was being treated.ONo,O she answered calmly, stopping mid-laugh. She looked at Sebastian with a smallsmirk playing on her lips and a devious look in her eyes.It also took Sebastian a few moments to catch up.OOh I seeeeee, very good, very good. Very droll,O he said with the polite chuckle usuallyheard when men meet their future father-in-laws for the first time.OSilly cow! How dare she!IOmthe funny one,IOmthe one making the jokes aroundhere!O he fumed inwardly. Outwardly he was still exhibiting a strained smile.70
OSo anyway,O he said a bit too abruptly for comfort. OWhile IOm here IOd like to speak toFrank Gupta, I believe heOs the coroner here?OAll signs of mirth vanished from her face and she went slightly pale.OIE.IOm really sorry, but heE.heOs dead. Was he a friend of yours?OOEh no, he wasnOt actually. Dead you say? When did this happen?OOLast week, he went home early because he felt poorly and the next thing I heard wasthat heOd had a heart-attack in his home. An awful thing really, he was such a sweet guy,O shefinished, looking empathetic.ODo you have any more details apart from the fact that it was a heart-attack?OShe started to look a bit apprehensive and shot a few glances to her sides. OIOm not sureitOs my place to divulge this kind of information to be honest. Why are you so interested if Imay ask?OSebastian put both his elbows on the counter and leaned closer while putting on hissincere face. OLook Penelope, PennyE.may I call you Penny?OOI guess,O she answered, still looking a bit suspicious.OYou see Penny,O he continued in a hushed voice. OIOm a private investigator in themiddle of a major case concerning the killing of an innocent man. At this very moment, as wespeak, his widow is sitting at home crying inconsolably because sheOs lost the love of her life.To her the future is now nothing but a barren wasteland, robbed of the water of love andscorched by the relentless sun of meaninglessness. The only thing that could serve as aminute oasis of hope in this infinite desert of despair would be finding the killers and assuringtheir conviction. IOm sure that the death of Frank is somehow connected to this case andmight not have been mere coincidence at all. I need your cooperation to ascertain this thoughand it would be of an immense help to me and indeed the dear widow and whomever Frankleft bereaved if you could do this.OHe raised the middle of his brow bringing his puppy eyes to full effect and added thefinal flourish: OPlease Penny?OAs if sensing that his help was needed Halfie whined on cue.71
She just looked at him for a heartbeat before saying: OAll right, all right, no need to layit on quite that thickly. I would have settled for a hundred kilos, but since you went throughall that effort IOll let you off with 80,O she finished with an innocent smile.Sebastian was part disappointed that she hadnOt swallowed it all and part impressed byher business acumen, but managed to keep his cool.OYou know itOs cynicism like this, which makes the world such a harsh place,O hecomplained while tapping out the transaction on his wrist, failing to completely suppress asmall smile.OWhat can I say, information is power and a girl needs to make a living,O she replied stillsmiling.A subtle *ding* from her wrist made her check it and after a brief inspection and thepress of a button she nodded and looked back at Sebastian.OSo, what do you want to know?OOI want to know all the details around FrankOs death: When did he leave, what timeexactly did he die, who performed the autopsy and what did it say and who did he talk to onthe day he died. Oh, and I also need to see the records of what dead bodies were admitted thatday.OOOh is that all? HereOs the deal buddy, I give you what I can see in the open records butIOm not transferring anything to you. You never know who is watching and IOm not going intoany confidential files, get it?Sebastian was a bit taken aback at her business-like demeanour but nodded agreement,as he didnOt have much choice.ORight, let me see whatOs in here,O she mumbled as she started tapping away on theterminal. OFrank Gupta left at 22:32 on the 4th of May because he felt poorly. At 23:55 itOsbeen logged that his wife called emergency services and said that he had collapsed. Medicswere at his house within five minutes but nothing could be done; heOd suffered a massivebrain haemorrhage and would have died on the spot.O72
She glanced up at Sebastian who was taking clumsy notes with his left hand andcontinued when he made a circular motion in the air with his right.OThe autopsy scan took place here and states what I told you, spontaneous brainhaemorrhage. He was cremated the next day and apparently scattered19last Saturday.OOIs that it?O Sebastian asked when he had finished scribbling.OYup, thatOs all thatOs in there.OOAnd what about visitors?OOWhat about Oem?OOWell did he have any?O he said in a tone that suggested he was talking to a very slowperson.She obviously resented that and gave him a dead stare before returning to the keyboardwhere she tapped a few keys.OThere were seven visitors to the morgue that day, any particular name youOre lookingfor?OSebastian paused for a moment.ODid any of them arrive at the same time?OShe looked at the screen again. OYes, two of them arrived together at 21:53. A Mr.Tango and a Mr. Cash.OSebastian couldnOt help a very charming snort with laughter at hearing those names.Apparently he wasnOt the only one with a penchant for 20thcentury movies. He was prettysure he knew who they were, but it would be nice to get confirmation.OI donOt suppose you have access to the security photos of them?O he inquired.19.Although not all people agreed on the non-existence of an afterlife, a vast majoritydid now agree that dedicating large tracts of land for people to decompose in didnOt doanybody any good, so the options these days were a complete wipe (ashes thrown out),artefact moulding (the ashes were compressed into a shape of the familyOs choosing) andfinally scattering, which meant scattering the ashes somewhere it wouldnOt get in peopleOseyes.73
OSure do, itOs standard procedure to snap anyone entering the hospital. Let me bringthem up for you.OShe tapped a few keys and hesitated while furrowing her brow.OThatOs odd. For some reason the pictures are all blurry and filled with static. I can seesomeoneOs in the pictures, but thatOs about it.Sebastian leaned over the counter to get a look at the screen and Penny moved out ofthe way without comment. Just like sheOd said, the pictures were almost useless, but that initself told him a lot. All Sebastian could tell from them was that the two people were similarand quite big, so his theory still held. Damn nano-clouds, he thought. HeOd seen them usedbefore even though they were illegal, but if the two goons were working for Tinycorp itwouldnOt be difficult to shield them from such a fairly minor offence should it be necessary.Nano-clouds were swarms of nanobots, which had a vast number of applications. In thisinstance they generated an interference field that made it impossible for any camera to focuson anything inside the cloud, effectively rendering them unidentifiable while still appearingnormal to the naked eye.He pulled back from the counter again.OAnd the admissions to the morgue that day?O he pressed on.She seemed a bit annoyed by his abrupt questioning but returned to the terminalwithout comment and started typing again. With a final click she looked up from the screenand stated: ONone.OONone? Are you sure?O Sebastian asked.OOh no sorry, IOm not, let me perform the exact same search again and IOm sure theresult will be different,O she said innocently but without moving an inch. She just continuedstaring at him.OAlright, alright I get it,O he sighed and closed his eyes briefly20. OWhat I meant was, isit normal not to have any admissions for an entire day?O20.Not so briefly as to merely constitute a blink or a wink, and not long enough tomake someone think heOd fallen asleep. Somewhere in between the two.74
OUnusual sure, but it happens,O she replied with a shrug.Sebastian didnOt think there was anything else to learn here. It seemed obvious to himthat the unfortunate coroner had been visited by the primate duo, and this fact alone leant alot of credence to VictoriaOs claim that her husband had been brought here. Why else sendtwo enforcers to a hospital where they make the effort to disguise themselves and where thesubject of the visit mysteriously dies a few hours after they leave. There was no way to proveanything though, and if Franz had been in the system at all, Tinycorp had probably deletedthe record of his admission. It wouldn't be too difficult for them to hack the hospitalOs AI.Bloody machines.This was why he hated them. Half the time they didnOt do what they were supposed toand the rest of the time people were hacking them to make sure they didnOt.Suddenly getting a glimpse of Penny with a curious look on her face, Sebastian realisedthat his internal deductions and subsequent rant had resulted in him staring catatonically atnothing for just a bit too long to be socially comfortable, and as a result Penny was gettingfreaked out a bit. He returned to the real world with an easy smile and a tip of the hat.'Thank you very much kind Penelope, you've been a treasure. I'll get out of your hairnow but please contact me if you come across anything related will you?'She nodded curtly in reply. 'Sure thing, I have your ID from the transaction.''And so I bid thee farewell,' he exclaimed performing a sweeping bow and winkingbefore going towards the exit. She gave a small wry smile in return, satisfying Sebastian thathis efforts hadn't been entirely wasted.Back at the office, he settled down behind his desk, taking of his hat and pulling out anozone stick to contemplate the events of the day. It had only been half a day since the visionthat was Victoria Jaeger had graced his office with her presence, and already he had a prettygood idea what was going on. The next step would be to talk to the head geezer at Tinycorpto see if he could make him slip up or at least put some pressure on him. He didn't have highhopes of success as people who made it to the CEO level of a major corporation usually had a75
heart the size of a malnourished pea, nerves of a material that made steel feel spongy and theslipperiness of a well oiled eel. He was probably the kind of boss who always had the door tohis office open, but only so that it was easier for him to slam it in your face. It never hurt totry though, and who knew, maybe he could also get some information on whatever Jaegerhad been working on.He opened a bottle of Glenfiddly fake-o-hol to reward himself for the excellent work sofar and started typing out his update to Victoria on his terminal after clearing away the papersand takeaway boxes under which it was currently hiding. He was completely factual and kepthis theories and suspicions to himself, finishing the whole thing in five minutes using hisgood hand.20 minutes later he had fallen asleep while browsing through background material onTinycorp, half the bottle of Glenfiddly still left over on the desk next to him.Chapter 10: Family MattersHe opened his eyes and immediately realised he was back on the beach, once againsitting in an armchair wearing his trenchcoat and hat. The sun was beating down hard but hedidn't seem to feel the heat. Like last time the beach was completely deserted of other peopleand all you could see were the azure-blue waves breaking on the perfectly smooth, white,sandy beach. He looked towards the sea, licking his lips in anticipation. The wait wasn't longas moments later the goddess broke the surface and slowly wiped the water form her facewith closed eyes, completing the motion by running her hands over her long, golden hair. Sheopened her eyes and slowly started wading towards him, fixing his eyes with a hungry stare.He could have watched that approach for hours; it was a sublime example of nature at itsfinest. As she got closer he could see her nipples through the miniscule bikini-top and all thelittle droplets of water clinging on to her bronzed skin. What he wouldn't give to be one ofthose droplets. Actually, scratch that, what he wouldn't give to be the bikini-top. Oh yes. She76
stopped in front of him and started leaning in, putting her hands on the armrests for support.As her lips parted slightly he could see perfectly white teeth and a glimpse ofa smooth pinktongue, and he moved his head forward towards those lips just as she said: *beep*He stopped and so did she. *beep* she said again with a surprised look on her face.Slowly she started dissolving before his eyes, uttering a final insistent *beep* beforedisappearing completely along with the beach and all the tropic surroundings.Sebastian opened his eyes again and saw a steaming cup of coffee about ten centimetresfrom his face. *BEEP* came a loud noise in his ear; it was his wrist telling him he had animportant message and his ear was resting directly on it, making the sound louder than whatyou should have to put up with at the crack of noon. He sat himself up and rubbed his faceand eyes repeatedly, feeling like shit. Shouldn't have had that half bottle of Glenfiddly hethought while deep inside his ego was patting its own back for being suck a classic privatedick.Having rubbed his face enough to be able to feel it again he reached for the coffeeGladys had so kindly provided for him in her indefatigably pre-emptive way. The beeps weregetting really annoying now and after a sip, and the unavoidable facial spasm whichfollowed, hefinally checked his wrist.'U haf a small kok, wy not make it bigga?' the message helpfully suggested,accompanied by priority flashing.'You don't say,' Sebastian said out loud. ' Well since I know that to be an unalterablefact I guess that'll just have to come straight out of my ever diminishing self-confidence won'tit?'Fucking spam. You'd think some Jeff21would have sorted that problem out ages ago,but noooo, you still had to live with the countless offers of altered bodyparts, drugs and porn.21.A person with an unnaturally keen interest in all things technological, often to theregrettable extent where human relations and personal hygiene would suffer.77
As he deleted the offending message he saw that he'd also received a reply fromVictoria, and it said: 'Well done, pleased with progress. Suggest you speak with ChristianForsythe at Tinycorp next. Victoria.'Oh you do, do you? Who's the expert in this field if I may ask, Sebastian thought tohimself. The presumption of some people! The most annoying thing was that this was exactlywhat he had intended to do, and as all people (especially men) knew, there was nothing moreannoying than being asked to do something immediately before intending to do it out of yourown volition anyway. It made you want tonotdo it all of a sudden. In this case however therewas no way around it, it was the logical next step. He found the link for Tinycorp's mainoffice and activated it on his wrist. Immediately an immaculately coiffed and styled femaleface appeared.'Tinycorp London office, how may I help you Mr. Poe?' the woman asked in a friendlyyet very professional tone of voice.Sebastian knew that your identity always followed you and every action you performedon the net, but it still annoyed the hell out of him to be addressed by his name by somecomplete stranger who didn't have to disclosetheiridentity as they were protected bycorporate law.'Mr. Forsythe's office please,' he replied.'I need the full name and department please sir.''Christian Forsythe. I don't know what the department is, but as he's the CEO I wouldguess Head Honcho or potentially The Big Cheese?'She didn't seem to react to his wit at all and just said: 'One moment sir.'Her face was replaced with a spinning Tinycorp logo for a few seconds after whichanother equally groomed but much more attractive woman appeared.'Mr. Forsythe's office, how may I help you Mr. Poe?' she asked, copying the words andtimbre of the previous receptionist to a T.78
'I'd like to make an appointment to see your boss this afternoon,' Sebastian stated as if itwas the most natural thing in the world to get a same day appointment with one of the mostpowerful CEO's in the world.'I'm afraid that's not possible sir, he has a very busy schedule indeed and he has noopenings for the next two months. Furthermore, to get an appointment you have to make ascreening pre-appointment where an assistant will hear what you want to discuss with Mr.Forsythe and then schedule you in according to his findings,' she said in a well-rehearsedmanner, this obviously not being the first time she'd had to say it.'Am I correct in assuming that most of these screenings end with a big boot up the arseof the applicant?' he asked innocently.'I wouldn't have put it in quite so vulgar terms sir, but yes,' she replied instantly withoutblinking.Sebastian smiled.'Tell you what toots,' he started, assuming the voice of a patient parent explaining itschild that if it stopped banging the toy train against the shin of said parent, it might get asweetie later. 'Why don't you push your buttons and tell Mr. Big Deal that Sebastian Poeneeds to see him today, and when he says "who?", as he most certainly will, you tell himthese three words: Jaeger, Queen and Charlottes.'The only reaction to his patronising behaviour was a minuscule crease in the skinbetween her eyebrows. Before it had time to disappear he added: 'It's alright, run along nowhoney.'He could see that she was struggling to make a decision, while at the same timeprocessing his rude behaviour. This was probably because she wasn't used to people talkingto her like that. Apparently coming to a decision she said: 'I'm sorry but I can't interrupt himfor every random person who comes along with a cryptic message. You'll have to book ascreening appointment.''As I see it you have two options,' Sebastian said before she'd completed the last word. 'You either turn me away and run the very real risk of me going to the press with information79
which could, and probably will, wipe billions off the value of Tinycorp, all because youwouldn't make a ten second call,oryou make that call now and run the comparatively smallrisk of your boss being mildly annoyed with you. Now. Run a quick risk-benefit analysis onthat and tell me what you think.'She stared at him with an unreadable expression for a long time before she finally madeher move.'Please hold,' she said and Sebastian was once again staring at the spinning Tinycorplogo. He leaned back in his chair and took another sip of his coffee, smacking his lips inmasochistic enjoyment as the hot tar-like substance singed its way down his throat.It had only been about half a minute before the receptionist returned to the screen, facestill calm and collected.'He will see you for 20 minutes at 13:05 today. Don't be late.'Before he could respond she cut the connection, leaving Sebastian hanging with a half-opened mouth and a wasted witty remark on his lips. Damn. Still, mission accomplished andas an added bonus he'd made another friend. Now he even had some time to get a muchneeded meal at Hong's. He was about to get up when his antique intercom crackled andGladys announced: 'Your mother is here sir.'Fuck.It wasn't that he didn't love his mother, he did, but it was the kind of love whichflourished optimally with distance. He basically couldn't stand being in the same room as herfor more than five minutes, and it wasn't just her superior and dominating personality, herannoying habit of categorising all poor people as lazy or her continuing efforts to persuadeSebastian to join the family business, no, it was the way her mere presence seemed to exudedisapproval and disdain for everything he held dear in life. His office, his job, his freedom.With a look and a raised eyebrow she could communicate to the world how she really feltabout a hapless piece of furniture which didn't go well with its immediate surroundings. Mindyou, Sebastian's office was easy pickings in that respect.80
He got out of his chair just as she entered the room, proceeded by at least a foot of hatbefore she herself became visible. Big hats must be in again, Sebastian thought.Right behind her came Saunders, her butler slash personal assistant. Since androidbutlers were cheap, efficient and readily available, it was a sign of pure class to have anactual human as a servant, although it was hard to think of Saunders as a servant. Sure, healways did what he was told, but he still managed to do so with an attitude which made youfeel lucky that he'd decided to let you live, for now....'Mother! How wonderful to see you!' Sebastian exclaimed as he walked toward herwith his arms and hands stretched out in front of him. He could tell from her reaction that shedidn't buy it but she did allow him to give her a small peck on the cheek even if she didn'ttake his hands.'Yes I'm sure you'rethrilledto see me Sebastian,' she replied drily with a magnificentroll on the r.'Of course I am, why wouldn't I be ecstatic to see my dear old mommy? After all, it wasyou who personally hired the people who brought me up with so much love and care,' he saidwith hurt innocence.'Ohdoget over yourself Bassie, that rhetoric gets awfully tiresome after a few decades,'she retorted dismissively.'Very well mother heart, to what do I owe this pleasure? Can I offer you a seat? Arefreshment? To relieve you of your hat? It looks like a gentle breeze would make it breakyour neck.''I'm afraid I have to decline on the first two items for health reasons, i.e. I want to seetomorrow, and as for the hat, that stays on. My hair is in a frightful state as thehairconditioning system in my car is broken.'She shot a small reproachfulglance at Saunders who was standing at attention next toand one step behind her. He didn't acknowledge it.81
Sebastian assumed an overly worried expression and said: 'How terrible for you, areyou alright? Do you want me to call someone? It must have been literallyhourssince yourlast styling.'She fixed him with an icy stare but didn't bite.'My reason for coming here is nothing more sinister than a desire to see how my boy isdoing I assure you. I hold no hopes that you've come to your senses and decided to get a realjob in your father's company.''Why do you keep calling it my father's company? He died years ago and even when hewas aliveyouwere the one effectively controlling the everything, I know that,' Sebastianasked irritably.'Be that as it may, your father started the company and was the CEO for 21 years, thatmakes it his in my book,' she said firmly.Sebastian closed his eyes for a few seconds and counted to ten before continuing.'Look, whatever, we'll just have to face the fact that the world of stale milkmanufacturing does not hold any interest to meat all. In fact I find the intense study of dustmites and their mating habits infinitely more fascinating, so let's just leave it there shall we?''It just so happens thatcheesemanufacturing and consumption is an integral part ofmost people's lives and our heritage as well and I find it a very noble pursuit to supply peoplewith our fine products.''Yes I'm sure your intentions are nothing but charitable and not in the least concernedwith ever growing profit margins,' he interrupted.She raised both hands in mock surrender and briefly closed her eyes.'All right, say no more. I'll leave you alone to your dust studies. How very fortunate foryou that your place of work also happens to be the preferred breeding ground for your subjectmatter,' she added with a small thin smile.'Yes, very good mother,' he replied indulgently while taking her elbow and urging herto turn toward the door.82
Before she could protest or Sebastian could manoeuvre her closer to the exit, theintercom crackled again and Gladys announced more visitors. 'Mr. Alice and his associate arehere to see you sir,' she stated with trepidation in her voice. She was quite empathic for anartificial life form originally built to extinguish human life.Mr. Alice apparently hadn't seen the need to wait for an invitation to enter and openedthe door to Sebastian's office almost simultaneously with Gladys' announcement. He strolledinto the room looking quite magnificent in a too small black pencil skirt and and a pink frilly-laced cravatte, followed by his pet hard man Dweazil.''Ello, 'ello, what have we got here Poe, another widow eager to part with her money?'Alice asked in his deep, booming voice.'Yeah, yeah, hee hee, who's the old bag and the stiff eh?' Dweazil added in his ownuniquely eloquent way.Sebastian's mother didn't react, but Saunders raised one eyebrow.'Uh oh,' Sebastian thought.'Nothing for you guys to worry about,' Sebastian quickly explained. ' They were bothjust leaving, right?'He looked at his mother pleadingly and after what seemed like an eternity but wasprobably just two or three seconds she finally took pity on him. 'Yes, yes we were indeed.Come now Saunders,' she said as she started towards the door.She only managed to go one step before being stopped by Dweazil's arm which wassuddenly thrust in front of her.'Now, now, not so fast. Seriously Poe, who is the old bat?'Saunders drew in his breath deeply and slowly while cracking his neck by moving itslightly down towards his shoulder. Sebastian looked at Dweazil and shook his head, tryinghis best to say: 'You donotwant to go there.'Dweazil though, being too thick to detect a subtle hint even if it landed on his face, hithim with a frying pan, married his sister and screamed 'I AM A SUBTLE HINT!!!' directlyinto his ear, persisted in his inadvisable venture.83
'She must be loaded to employ the stiff 'ere. Is she maybe in the market for some youngdesperate flesh eh Poe? Is that the kind ofserviceyou supply now?'Sebastian just continued shaking his head at him, knowing full well that it was too late.Saunders flicked some invisible speck of dust from his sleeve and said: 'I must insist that youstop addressing My Lady in such a crude and disrespectful manner sir.''Oh really, hee hee, and what are you going to do about it if I don't eh Jeeves? Make mea bad cuppa tea?' he chuckled, looking at Alice for encouragement. Alice though, didn't reactbut just kept observing the events unfold.'I'm afraid tea isn't on the menu sir, but Iwillbe obliged to forcefully render youheadless and defecate into the resulting orifice,' he answered coolly.You could almost see Dweazil's very limited brain struggling with all the big words ashis eyes went blank, but in the end it just gave him the usual answer, which was a shrug and abewildered expression22. So in spite of Sebatian's continued head-shaking he decided to presson. He drew himself up in front of Saunders, and looking him straight in the eyes he poked afinger at Sebastian's mother and emphasizing each word with his finger said: 'Wrinkly, old,senile... *snap*That was as far as he got.At Alice's request Sebastian had given Dweazil enough painkillers to knock him out asthey'd all gotten tired of hearing him screaming his high-pitched scream. He was lying on thefloor with his arms and legs in some extremely unnatural positions that could only beachieved through severe dislocations and a fair number of fractures.Sebastian would have liked to be able to say that he'd never seen anything like it, buthe'd be lying. It had been his questionable privilege to witness Saunders' handiwork on twoother occasions and both had resulted in injuries you didn't walk away from in a hurry. At22.Yes, brains don't have faces, and shoulders with which to shrug even less so, but ifthey did, bewildered is what this one would have looked all right? Just go with it.84
least Dweazil's bones would heal eventually thanks to modern technology, but the mentalscars were probably there for good, even if the mind real-estate available for scarring wasinfinitesimal.The fact that Alice hadn't gotten involved was testament to his intelligence and goodjudgement. He picked up the comatose form of his henchman and gave Sebastian ameaningful look before leaving the office. The look said: 'All this doesn't matter, I'll be backfor my money and you'd better have it.' Sebastian knew he was serious and Saunders wouldn'tbe here next time. Even if he were, Sebastian wasn't sure if he'd lift a finger in his defence.Saunders was standing calmly next to his mistress, observing everything and nothing.He hadn't even broken a sweat.Sebastian's mother looked terribly bored by the whole affair and started towards thedoor as soon as Alice's huge frilly-lace-covered frame had disappeared.'Come Saunders, I think we've burdened my son with our company long enough. I'msure Bassie has matters of crucial importance to get back to, haven't you dear?' she askedrhetorically.'Already mother? We haven't even had a good heart to heart yet, but if you insist whoam I to stop you.'Before he'd finished the sentence he'd already jumped to the door and was holding itopen for her with his good hand, the crippled one pointing guidingly through the opening.'What on earth did you do to your hand Bassie,' she uttered with a look on her face thatwas more revulsion than concern.'It was crushed by a malfunctioning bionic hand if you must know mother,' he repliedmatter of factly without altering his gesturing position by the door.'Fine, don't tell me then,' she sniffed, trying to give the impression of hurt motherlyfeelings. But for that to happen, Sebastian knew she would have to have feelings to get hurtin the first place, and since that wasn't the case it was just another pathetic attempt atmanipulation.85
He shook his pointing hand and jerked his head towards to door for emphasis whilelooking at her with eyes open wide.'Bye Bassie,' she said, still maintaining the air of having been wronged. They both lefthis office, walked past Gladys without acknowledging her existence and exited without asound.Sebastian closed his office door and sat down heavily in the recliner, exhaling deeply.Family. You can't live with them and you can't use a time machine to erase them fromexistence without seriously reducing your own chances of being.The nightmare of having to deal with his mother aside, it was quite fortuitous thatDweazil's stupidity had given Sebastian some time to get the VD's together for Alice. He wasa reasonable enough kind of guy, for an oversized, transvestite sociopath anyway, butbusiness was business and he wouldn't flinch at inflicting pain in new and interesting ways toget his money. Sebastian would have to try and get an advance off Victoria tonight, and forthat he needed to show some meaningful progress.A subtle beep from his wrist reminded him that he'd have to get going if he wanted tomake his appointment with Forsythe. Damnit, no time for lunch after all. Getting up from thequicksand-like chair with a grunt he put on his hat and coat and retrieved an ozone stick fromhis pocket, which he squeezed between his lips. Checking the mirror to make sure it washanging form the corner of his mouth at exactly the right angle23, he winked at the ruggedlyhandsome man of the world in the mirror and left after saying goodbye to Gladys.The airspace above the towers was a strict no-fly zone if you didn't have the highestTinycorp clearance. Even employees had to park in the purpose built parking buildingsoutside the main complex. Sebastian was informed of this as he approached the massive23.This would be the angle where the stick looked like it had been forgotten by itsowner and was strongly considering giving in to gravity, but at the same time could just abouthang on for dear life should the aforementioned owner decide to communicate verbally.86
construct and obediently followed the assigned course to one of the parking levels. Thebuilding AI didn't get further than 'Welcome...' before he switched off the comm consolecompletely. He just didn't have the energy. As a result he was almost running late when he'dfinally found a place to park and gone through a dozen security checks to make sure he hadn'thidden a rocket launcher behind his retina. Like at the police station he was assigned anescort drone that also looked like it could keep soup warm for days. It led him from the maingate to tower one and into a lift which took them to the 67th floor. Here he was left in anopulently stylish reception room with Forsythe's PA lording24over the serfs from behind amassive desk that looked like an egg lying down with the upward facing side slightlyflattened and the side facing the occupant hollowed out to accommodate users with legs.Needless to say it was transparent.He gave her a polite smile and said: 'How lovely to see you again toots.''The name is Ms. Frost and if you'll please sit down over there, Mr. Forsythe will beready for you shortly.' She nodded her head to indicate a small seating area across the room.She didn't show any emotion on her face but he could tell from her restrained voice that shewas annoyed, which pleased him more than it probably should.He winked at her and walked over to the assigned area. It consisted of a drinksdispenser in the shape of a white swan25and several pieces of furniture so avantgardeSebastian couldn't figure out if they were tables, chairs of just pieces of art. Most of themwere probably a mixture of the three but the social embarrassment associated with sittingdown on a piece of art, putting his drink on a chair while admiring a table was considerable,24.Ladying?25.Designer drinks dispensers were very much the rage at the moment, ranging fromdelicate, aesthetically pleasing sculptures like this swan, to robotic tramps pissing in yourcup. The problem was that you never knew how to use it as anything so crude as labeledbuttons was frowned upon. As a result you never knew whether to sing opera to it or shove itswing up its own backside to get a drink, leaving them unused by most people.87
especially if you'djust spent 15 minutes trying to violate a swan to get the drink, so hehesitated before making a decision and sitting down on a three-legged potential chair with along, vertical protrusion that he hoped was for back-support. It was extremely uncomfortableand as the minutes passed he was increasingly convinced this item had never been designedto sit on. Just as he was about to get up under the pretence of getting a drink (opting for socialembarrassment in lieu of spinal injury), the receptionist called out to him.'Mr. Forsythe will see you now Mr. Poe,' came the emotionless voice. As she said this ahuge opening appeared next to her desk where moments earlier had been only a wall. Therewas no sliding door and no sounds accompanying the event, the wall just seemed to dissolve.Very flash, Sebastian thought. He'd heard of these cloud doors but he'd never seen one inperson. They were swarms of nanobots that could form into a flat surface on command,creating a seamless and undetectable door when activated. The swarm would merely stick tothe surrounding wall as an extra layer when the door was open, giving the appearance ofvanishing into thin air. That kind of technology was a nightmare come true for Sebastian,something controlled by technology, which could in effect seal you in a room with noopenings. Considering that the walls of the CEO's office were probably impenetrable toanything up to and including a nuclear attack, being sealed in that office would mean beingsealed indefinitely. Of course there were safeguards built into the system, that's what theyalways said, but in Sebastian's mind a person would either have to be very brave or verystupid to use this technology on the only opening to a bomb shelter; or maybe just being theCEO of the company that owned the patent and manufactured it was enough.Sebastian got up slowly and entered the office on the other side of the opening. Itwasn't as big as he had expected. These big business types tended to always go for the biggestof everything26and finding a room that couldn't host a large-scale wedding was a hugesurprise. What wasn't a surprise was the extremely sterile decor of the place. Almost everysingle item and surface in the room was either (transparent) glass, shiny metal of whitepolymer. Were you able to survive the actual procedure, you could cut your chest open,remove your heart, roll it on the floor and re-insert it without any risk of infection. It was that88
clean. Naturally Sebastian hated it. He preferred spaces that felt a bit more lived in. Arguablyhe took it a bit too far on the home front as his office was actually teeming with microbiallife, but it was a damn sight better than living in a surgical facility.The first thing you saw as you entered was the opposite wall consisting entirely ofglass. No panes or seams were visible, giving the impression that there was nothing there atall in spite of the fact that the material was virtually impenetrable. The wall to the left wasone big screen, divided into a vast amount of smaller video feeds containing news fromaround the world as well as the latest business information and stock market movements.How anybody could watch that without going insane was beyond his understanding, butsomebody did and the man in question was sitting behind a modest desk27to the right of thedoorway directly opposite the vid-wall. He got up from his chair when Sebastian spotted himand walked around the desk to meet him halfway with an outstretched hand.'Mr. Poe, what a pleasure to meet a former member of our esteemed police force,' hegrinned, and without breaking eye-contact with Sebastian he pulled back his hand with afeigned look of remembrance on his face.'Oh, that's right, you can't shake my hand because of that terrible injury can you? Howon earth did that happen? Did it get caught in the window of a wronged housewife?'His grin turned into a smarmy smile as he walked all the way up to Sebastian, leavingonly enough space between them to avoid homo-erotic suspicions by any outside observers.He was the same height as him but in considerably better shape and immaculately groomed.26.In past centuries before it became the norm to have a wrist implant, men wouldoften enter informal and unspoken pissing contests via the size of their wrist watch. Thepractice went out of fashion when a significant amount of men started getting chronicshoulder injuries caused by the weight of the exceedingly heavy and increasingly redundanttimepieces.27.Yes, if you wanted to you could wave hello to your feet through it as it wastransparent.89
Piercing blue-gray eyes, golden tan, perfect white teeth and closely cropped gray hair; in factonly his obviously male voice saved him from complete androgyny as he was wearing a paleblue patterned kimono and slippers.'I'm sure your flunkies can find out if you really want to know,' Sebastian replied, notmoving an inch even though he was extremely uncomfortable.'I'm sure you're right,' he said cheerfully. 'Now, what can I do for you Mr. Poe?''What can you tell me about Franz Jaeger and the circumstances under which he died?'Sebastian immediately inquired.'Not much really, a tragic incident to be sure but these things happen. As far as I knowhe was an exemplary employee, very dedicated to his job and quite brilliant, but I have noidea what he might have been involved in or why someone might have wanted to kill him.''So he didn't act differently in the days before he died? Show signs of being nervous orstressed maybe, that kind of thing?''I really don't know. As much as I'd like to bond on an emotional level with all myemployees, I just can't seem to find the time.'He was starting to get on Sebastian's nerves. There was sarcasm and there was sarcasm,and hehatedsarcasm. He'd have to bite his lip for a while though until he'd asked all thequestions he needed to ask.'Were there any ongoing internal investigations suspecting him of selling trade secrets?'Sebastian continued flatly.'No. Like I said, he was very much a company man, and let me add thatifhe'd beensuspected of betraying the company drastic measures would have been taken already.''Like killing him and dumping him somewhere?''Probably not,' he grinned wolfishly.'Right,' Sebastian said to himself. He pushed his hat back on his head and turned to facethe excellent view. 'Any idea why his dead body was delivered to Queen Charlotte's Hospitaland identified by his wife hours before he was "shot" in Fulham?'90
He didn't answer immediately but moved next to Sebastian, also facing the largepanoramic window.'Now now Mr. Poe, who's been telling you this nonsense? I'm not sure I like what isbeing implied by that question. We might be a multinational company and ruthless inbusiness matters, but we don't go around killing our employees and then cover it up. It doesn'teven make sense, why if he was already dead would somebody move him?''I never said you killed him, and as to who told me, the answer is obviously his widowwho id'd him there as you very well know.''Ah yes, the lovely Victoria, she never did seem to care much for the great work herhusband achieved here, in fact she seemed to hold some deep resentment toward the companyas a whole. God knows why.''Does he?' Sebastian exclaimed with a look of mock surprise on his face. Well it's toobad I can't ask him about it as he's a bloody imaginary being, isn't it?'28Sebastian's random emotional outburst seemed to throw Forsythe off balance for a fewseconds but he quickly recovered.'Yes, well, anyway, I think you'll find it a matter of record that her ludicrous tale nevertook place. Why don't you check with the hospital, I'm sure they'll be happy to tell you thefacts.''According to them there is no record of Jaeger's body ever being in the hospital orVictoria entering the building,' Sebastian stated.'Well there you have it then,' he concluded calmly.'Yes, quite.'Sebastian continued admiring the view for a few seconds.28.A pet peeve of Sebastian's (among many) was people using stupid, anachronisticand nonsensical expressions out of habit. Every time people told him to go to hell, and thishappened with disturbing frequency, he always made a point of asking them for directions.This was rarely received well.91
'Still, it's a strange thing for her to make up don't you think? Why would she do such athing?''Beats me, maybe she's hoping to stir up trouble, vent her grief at the big facelesscorporation she always hated?''Yes, yes, very probable, very probable,' Sebastian nodded sagely and went silent againfor a moment.'What was Jaeger working on?''I can't tell you that.''Then who can?'Forsythe chuckled. 'You know perfectly well what I mean. Jaeger was one of our topguys and whatever he worked on was top secret.'Come on, surely you can tell me the rough outline? I'm too stupid to understand itanyway, whaddya say?' Sebastian grinned while turning to face his adversary again.Forsythe chuckled again. 'Tell you what Poe, I'll have Jaeger's assistant give you asmall tour of the facilities as an act of good faith and because I like you, but she will not beable to talk about Jaeger's work, so don't even ask her, agreed?''Of course, scouts honour!' he replied, eyes opened wide with innocence as if the meresuggestion that he might do something sneaky was outrageous. At the same time he made amental note to punish himself for using a stupid, anachronistic expression.'Ferrar? Could you please ask Angela Jensen to come up here, I need about half an hourof her time,' Forsythe said while still looking out the window. Naturally he was integratedneurally with his wrist, allowing him to open a channel without actually performing any kindof mechanical motion.Sebastian couldn't tell if he'd received a reply but since he didn't say anything else heassumed she was on her way. He spotted Halfie sniffing around behind the desk and evenputting his paws on it. Luckily the owner didn't seem to notice.92
'They waited in silence for about two minutes before the opening in the wall re-appeared and a young woman in a lab coat entered. She was was of medium height and build,brunette with her hair in a ponytail, and unless Sebastian was mistaken, very very cute.'You wanted to see me sir?' she asked after casting Sebastian a quick glance.Forsythe turned to face her. 'Yes indeed. Would you be so kind as to give Mr. Poe aquick tour of the facilities?'She hesitated a bit and her brow furrowed in mild annoyance. 'I'm actually quite busytrying to manage the lab after...,' she paused and seemed to struggle to continue. '...after whathappened. I don't have time to play hostess,' she finished firmly.'Please Angela,' Forsythe said, his voice and hard stare making it obvious that he wasn'tasking, 'I would be very grateful if you could do this. Now please.'Sebastian had to admire her, she was actually trying to stare him down in return, but inthe end she just shook her head dismissively and turned to leave. 'Fine, whatever.'Oh, by the way,' Sebastian said, turning around just as he was about to follow Angelathrough the door, 'does TinyCorp still sell nano-cloaks?'Forsythe hadn't had time to wipe off his bullshit smile and therefore found it easy tojust look up from his desk and answer in a very reasonable if slightly patronizing tone ofvoice.'You know as well as I do Mr. Poe that nano-cloaks are strictly prohibited and as suchare illegal to sell. I can assure you that this company always follows the letter of the law.'Sure you do, Sebastian thought but said: 'Oh yes that's right!' in such an exaggeratedway you'd think he'd just invented parallel parking. 'I should probably inform you then thatthere are some rather unscrupulous characters running around using your product at this verymoment, obviously flouting the very same letter of the law this fine institution is so dedicatedto uphold.''Is that so,' Forsythe answered tersely. 'And might I inquire on what you base thisinvaluable piece of information?'93
'Just some footage from Queen Charlotte's hospital I happened to see the other day.Apparently these aforementioned amoral law-breakers were there on the day that Jaeger died,can you imagine that? What a coincidence having two such completely disconnected eventshappen on the same day! They were big fellas as well so the little nano critters must have hadtheir work cut out for them. Testament to the craftsmanship of the technology you producehere I have to say.'All of this was delivered with complete innocence, to the point where you felt likekicking a kitten just to make sure there was balance in the world. Forsythe's smile stiffened afraction and before he could reply, Sebastian tipped his hat, winked and left the room.Angela was waiting for him outside and had obviously been privy to the wholeexchange. She shot him a quizzical look.'Not that it's any of my business, but what was all that about?''Just casting a line, seeing if something will bite,' he answered dismissively. 'Lead theway fair maiden and I will follow,' he half-shouted theatrically.She maintained here evaluating stare for a few seconds longer before saying: 'Sure,follow me,' and leading Sebastian to the lift. On the way they passed the desk of Ms. Frostwho appeared to have also followed the verbal action from afar as her aura of disapproval hadbeen magnified by several degrees compared to his arrival. She looked like a nearsightedperson trying to read small print without glasses immediately after ingesting a pint of lemonjuice.They got into the lift which was facing the reception desk and just as the doors wereabout to close Sebastian winked at her and pouted his mouth in an air kiss. The last thing hesaw before the closing doors came together was her expression of indignant outrage.Excellent.They only went down one floor on the lift before stopping. Angela had to go through acomplicated set of procedures to get the lift doors to open as this was the heart of theoperation, but the doors eventually opened and she led him into a long, white hallway whichseemed to go on forever. Just outside the lift the uniform surface was broken by the outline of94
a door. Another set of security procedures were executed with much practised efficiency andthe door slid open. She motioned Sebastian to enter before her.'What, no dissolving opening magically appearing? I'm almost disappointed,' he said,giving her a crooked smile.'No. Good old sliding metal is good enough for us lowly scientists,' she replied.'Besides, when the technology fails and a door jams, would you rather have a sliding piece ofmetal to work your way around or a solid wall?''Good point, but aren't you showing a disturbing lack of confidence in the product yourcompany is making?''Well, you're a big boy and I'm sure you already know that all technology fails at somepoint, it's just a matter of time. All we can do is try to make the time before it happens last aslong as possible, ideally past the date when the warranty expires,' she added with a wink.He liked her already.Walking through the door ahead of her he entered a massive open plan area jammedfull of complicated looking machines and equipment. The room was so large that youcouldn't see all of it due to the curvature of the building facade, and unlike the CEO's officethere wasn't a single window. The air was humming with electricity and small drones ofvarying sizes zipping around purposefully from one piece of gleaming technological wonderto the next. Angela entered behind him and closed the door. There didn't appear to beanybody else in the room.'Everybody else on vacation?' he offered.She gave him a confused look before comprehension dawned on her face. 'Oh, no, noone else works here, it's always like this,' she explained.'So it's just you here, doing all the research for Tinycorp?' Sebastian asked withincredulity.'Since Franz died I've been the only one here yes, but we have lots of other researchdepartments besides this one.''But this is the one where the truly ground-breaking stuff is done, am I right?'95
'Well we rely on a lot of other people for support, but in essence yes,' she replied, notquite managing to hide her pride in this fact.'How do you manage? It seems like there is equipment enough in here to keep an armyof scientists busy for years?'She gave a small chuckle, revealing a delightfully tinkly laugh. 'It's not that hard, really,it's all about organising work and giving instructions. The drones do all the actual work to theextent that I can't remember when I last had to handle equipment with my own hands.'Having a typical male mind which couldn't help but try to wring a sexual euphemismout of pretty much anything, no matter how tenuous, Sebastian couldn't help but grin widelyat her assertion. When he kept grinning at her she finally realised what she'd said and turned acharming pink while fiddling with her wrist.'So...eh...anyway, I was supposed to give you a tour,' she quickly continued. 'Was thereanything in particular you were interested in?''I'll be honest with you, I know next to nothing about nano technology, so a beginnersintroduction would be great and if you could then tell me more about what Franz wasworking on when he died, that would also be helpful. Please explain everything as you wouldto a child. A drunk child with learning difficulties,' he added self effacingly.'That shouldn't be a problem, I'm used to giving presentations to management. Franzhated that stuff and always refused to do it so it was left to yours truly to explain what we dodown here using crayons and cardboard cut-outs,' she answered dryly.'So. Nano technology. Small machines is basically what it is. We construct very tinymachines which can be programmed to perform a wide variety of tasks. These tasks startedout as very simple things, in fact in the beginning they weren't even machines at all but justmaterials with special properties due to the extreme precision with which they could beconstructed. Currently however we're constructing fairly advanced little critters which can doanything from locating and eliminating certain cells in your body, like cancer, to cooperatingwith other nano machines to form shapes and surfaces as the entrance to the office of our96
illustrious CEO so aptly demonstrates. At our current level of advancement the sky's prettymuch the limit as to what we can do.''Ironically though, the sky turned out to not be the limit very early on, didn't it?'Sebastian asked slyly.'I see what you mean, yes,' she replied with a small smile. 'The Highway to Heaven wasactually the icon of nano-technology in the early days and is, as you know, still going strong.I thought you knew nothing about nano?''Well I would be hard pressed to not know anything about the space elevator, even withmy level of general ignorance, wouldn't I. Especially as I see the bloody thing every daywhen I get in my car.''Fair enough,' she admitted. 'Itisan amazing piece of construction isn't it though?' shesaid rhetorically, her eyes sparkling with the enthusiasm of a small child on Boxing Day. 'Imean, who would have thought that human kind would ever be capable of building anelevator into space? We take it for granted now, but I don't think people realise just how mindboggling it really is. It wasn't that long ago we had to burn tons of rocket fuel just to get a fewhundred kilos into orbit, and now we take tons of people and equipment into orbit severaltimes a day! All thanks to nano!'Sebastian almost thought she'd start clapping her hands and jumping up and down likean overexcited Manga character, but she thankfully limited herself to very expressive handgestures. They were very exuberant though and the kinetic energy alone from her Italian-stylegesticulation could probably power the lab for a few hours.'So just to get this straight, you like nano technology do you?' Sebastian asked withmock sincerity.'What's not to like? It's wondrous!' she replied with unabated enthusiasm.Sebastian found it hard to maintain his usual sarcastic demeanor faced with this level ofjoy and optimism, but pressed on. 'And what of the other uses nano technology has been putto over the years, like biological weapons, espionage and infringements on civil rights?'97
With the practiced ease of someone who'd defended a viewpoint many times over shedidn't miss a beat though. 'Any great leap in technology is going to be exploited byunscrupulous people to varying degrees, especially in its infancy when everybody is trying toget a handle on the possibilities, but that's unavoidable. All we can do is work hard to punishthe people who do these abominable things and create countermeasures just in case.''And if the culprits turn out to be the people you work for?' he continued, making surenot to break eye contact.She paused for a second, and in that brief time he saw a number of feelings wash overher face, fear, doubt, guilt, before settling into a defiant challenge. 'Nothing of that kind hasever been proven in connection with Tinycorp. I can guarantee you that nothing has evercome out of this lab which abuses the power of nano and I've had assurances frommanagement that the same goes for all other labs belonging to the company.'Her smile had disappeared now and in spite of her grandstanding Sebastian could tellthat she was also trying to convince herself. Normally he would have kept prodding at thisnewly exposed vulnerability but two things prevented him form doing so. Firstly, he neededher on his side if he was going to get all the information he needed, and secondly and moreworryingly for his self-respect, he found that he would be willing to compromise on his usualno holds barred people skills as long as he could get her smiling again. So to his own surprisehe heard himself saying: 'Well if that's your view then that's good enough for me.' Even moresurprising was the fact that he said this without any trace of sarcasm in his voice. He wasn'teven aware that he could turn it off.She apparently had formed the same opinion of him and her initial response was a warylook until she appeared to be satisfied that there was no mocking involved, and gave a curtnod as if to say that that was settled then. Her smile didn't return yet though.'So, what does this machine do?' he asked, indicating a nearby metal box with a smallwindow in it and a lot of differently-coloured wires coming out of it.His strategy appeared to work instantly as her face lit up. 'That is an amazing bit ofengineering actually. It's where we test the resilience of our bots. If you notice this thin tube98
leading into the box on the left, that comes from the larger box over there, emitting the bluishlight, and that's where the bots are physically created based on the blueprints we create. Wecall it the maternity ward,' she added with a geeky half-smile. 'They get fed from therethrough the tube into the resilience testing container, or purgatory as it's also know, where wecan then subject them to all manners of physical abuse. We can generate temperatures fromzero Kelvin to the corona temperature of the sun in there while still being able to measure andcollect data on how the bots react. In addition to that we can also simulate pretty much anytype of radiation known to man.'Sebastian had no idea who Kelvin was or why he was being used as a measure oftemperature, but decided to keep his ignorance to himself and just nod his head while raisinghis eyebrows to indicate how astounding he thought it was.'Impressive,' he added.'I know!' she agreed, once again beaming happily.'And what about the two tubes from the maternity ward going into the wall over there?Sebastian pointed at a red and a green tube running between the box in question andtwo sockets in the wall.'Oh, well the green tube supplies the raw material used to build the bots and the red oneleads to the test room where the abilities of the bots are tested.'She started walking away, going past the two tubes in question and around the bend ofthe room. 'Come on, I'll show you,' she said, motioning him to follow, which he happily did.Passing the wall into which the tubes disappeared quickly revealed it to be the end-wallof a fairly large room, about ten meters wide, four meters deep and three meters high. Thelong wall facing the room was made of a glass-like material (yes, another way of sayingtransparent), and the room appeared to be completely empty.'So what do you call this room? The Void? Harsh Reality?' Sebastian suggested wittily.'No, we call it the test room of course,' she answered matter-of-factly.'Oh,' Sebastian said, slightly disappointed. 'How come it's so big when the subjectmatter is so small?' he asked in an attempt to wow her with his deductive powers.99
'We're not just dealing with single nano bots if you recall, but most often with wholeswarms of them, working together to perform complex tasks. We need enough room toperform large surface tasks, like forming structures or enclosing objects of varying sizes,'came the, let's be fair, quite obvious reply, once again leaving Sebastian feeling a bit dense.'Oh,' he repeated. 'And I assume there are a lot of safety measures in place to ensurethat these tiny critters don't get out until they're ready?''You better believe it. Things don't always go according to plan in the first designs andyou can end up with some pretty weird behaviour in those cases. You wouldn't wantsomething like that getting into the world. One time we were working on a swarm which wassupposed to be used by law enforcement to detain people by encasing their arms and legs,and it seemed to work until the swarm got clever and decided that it would be more efficientto just assume a bullet shape and pierce the head of the subject. Once it had demolished thetest dummy it also decided that anything human-like in the vicinity should be dealt with inthe same manner and it started slamming into the screen here to get at us. Was a bit of ashock I have to admit, but of course the screen held.''And then what did you do? How do you get rid of something like that?' Sebastianasked, horrified at the prospect of a swarm of tiny homicidal robots killing people left, rightand center.Angela smiled, 'I'll show you.'She pressed a few buttons on a panel in front of the screen and the test room wassuddenly inhabited by what looked like a small rain cloud. It hovered there without moving.She tapped away at the keyboard for a few seconds and all of a sudden the small cloud startedchanging shape. Slowly it elongated vertically and after about ten seconds it was starting tolook human. Another five seconds and it was a very good resemblance of Forsythe standingthere, giving Sebastian a thumbs up and winking at him.'Now, press this large red button here,' she said, indicating an irresistibly large andglowing button next to the control panel.100
He pushed it and immediately had to shield his eyes from the blinding conflagrationinside the room. Seemingly from out of nowhere the room had filled up with red-hot firewhich kept burning for about five seconds before a voice declared: 'All matter has beensuccessfully incinerated,' after which the flames disappeared, leaving a once again pristineand barren room.'Neat, huh?' Angela said with a grin.'Very,' Sebastian had to admit. 'And not without a certain amount of satisfaction I haveto say. Is this how you deal with management issues?''I have been known to indulge on occasion, yes,' she replied with mock seriousness,transforming into a bright smile.It was extremely infectious and Sebastian found himself grinning like a fool before herealised and tried to resume a slightly more professional faade. Trying to quickly findsomething new to get her talking he spotted what looked like a small cupboard with a glassdoor. Inside he could just make out another small container and on the glass door was a bigskull and crossbones as well as a radioactivity symbol.'And what sort of horror is kept in there?' he inquired.'My lunch actually. It was a joke of Franz's because I love strong cheeses and heabsolutely hated the smell of cheese, so he had this special fridge made based on a cabinet forhazardous biological material. It will restrain any matter, except the smell of Stilton he usedto say.'She said this with a wistful smile that quickly turned into a look of intense sorrow asher eyes started welling up.'You were quite close weren't you?' Sebastian said.She seemed to pull herself together with tremendous effort and quickly wiped her eyeswith the sleeve of her lab coat. 'How couldn't we be? Spending most of our waking lives witheach other, I think I knew him better than his wife did.'At this Sebastian raised his eyebrows questioningly.101
'Notin that way, I assure you. He was completely devoted to his wife and I wasn'tattracted to him in that way.''Do you know his wife well?''I only met her once or twice to be honest, not really long enough to form a strongopinion of her, but...,' she paused.'Yes?' Sebastian urged her on.'Well, I...I probably shouldn't be saying this, but between you and me she didn't seemlike the most loving of people. He worshipped the ground she walked on, but I never saw hershow him the least bit of affection. Like I said, I only saw them together a few times, so Iprobably caught her on a bad day and got it completely wrong.''Or she might have been jealous of the gorgeous, intelligent woman her husband spentmore time with than her?' Sebastian suggested, trying to to resist winking at the same timebut failing.Angela turned a lovely shade of pink and seemed a bit flustered.'Hardly,' she managed to reply while looking away.Ok, so she clearly wasn't up for the flirty approach, probably better to move it along,Sebastian thought.'What can you tell me about what he was working on when he died?''Nothing,' she replied with a shrug.'Come on, I know your boss doesn't want you to let go of any industry secrets, but youmust be able to tell me a little bit? I'm too stupid to make sense of it anyway.''No, you misunderstand, it's not that I don't want to tell you, although even if I didknow I couldn't tell you much, but the fact is that I have no idea what he was working on.We've always worked together on most projects but he would also have his own privateresearch that I wasn't privy to at all, and at the time of his death that was all he was workingon. In fact, I'd never seen him this obsessed about anything before.''But what about now that he's no longer here, surely you've looked at his files andresearch material?'102
'I can't, everything is in his private lab and we haven't been able to get access yet.''Are you telling me that after he has died, the company which employed him and ownsthe facilities where he worked can't get into his lab? That seems very unbelievable.''I know how it sounds, but it's not that simple. This lab is very well protected from anykind of intrusion and his private lab doubly so. Nothing short of a nuclear attack could harmthese walls. Add to this that Franz modified the access control system to be completelydecoupled from the rest of the building, in fact, there is no hard link between his lab and therest of the building, so we can't even attempt to hack his computers to obtain his research.''So what, his lab will just be isolated in all perpetuity? That's ridiculous!' Sebastianexclaimed, once again outraged at the power of computers.'No, of course not, nothing is 100% secure, and the company is working very hard toget past the access controls, but it could be days, weeks or even months before they succeed.Franz was a very clever man,' she said, not quite being able to hide her pride in the fact thateven after his death he was still outsmarting the rest of the world.'I see,' Sebastian said, equally failing in hiding his disappointment at having hit anotherdead end. 'If and when you do get access, could you let me know and maybe divulgewhatever you can? Might be very helpful to the case,' he said with sincerity, wisely decidingthat this was not the right situation for him to use his puppy-eyes approach.'Sure, whatever I can do to help, I'd be happy to,' she replied, matching his sincerity.'Appreciate it, here are my contact details.'He tapped a few keys on his wrist using his thumb and Angela did the same after a fewmoments. The clumsy maneuver exposed the sorry state of Sebastian's right hand and whenAngela spotted this she let out a surprised gasp.'Oh my Dawkins, what happened to your hand?' she exclaimed, putting her hand to hermouth.'Nothing serious, just an unfortunate rendezvous with a malfunctioning bionic arm.Nothing a healthy dose of nano bots can't fix you'll be happy to hear!' he grinned.103
'Yes, quite, but that must have hurt like a bitch when it happened,' she said, staring a thehand with fascination.My, my, what colourful language our little professor is capable of, Sebastian thoughtapprovingly.'Nah, not that bad really. I've conditioned myself to ignore pain, goes with the territoryyou see,' he said casually. And before she could call his bluff he continued: 'But while we'reon the subject, why, when you can create a human nano cloud in seconds or shape them intobullets does it take days to fix a simple hand? This is very inconvenient you know!''Well it's one thing to form shapes or even to destroy matter but quite another to healand repair tissue. The human body is quite complicated and even though the nano bots arevery sophisticated they're still too... clumsy if you will, to repair and manipulate living cellsquickly. All they're actually doing is assisting the body's natural healing process. Speeding itup and improving on it slightly,' she explained.'I see, strange to think of these tiny things as being clumsy I have to admit, but I'll justhave to take your word for it.'He smiled at her again and then looked down briefly before meeting her eyes again.'I'm really sorry to have to do this, but I need to ask you a bit more about Franz eventhough I know it's hard for you to talk about. Will that be alright?'She only hesitated for a second before nodding, her face once again clouding over.'Were you working here the day he died?''I was, but only until lunch-time. I...I had the afternoon off.''And how was he the last time you saw him? Happy? Sad? Nervous?''Well now that you mention it, he was actually kind of excited all morning. He's usuallyvery serious and focused with only the occasional dry humour, but on that day he was almostgiddy,' she replied furrowing her brow. 'I hadn't thought about it before now though.''Any idea why he might have been particularly happy that day?' Sebastian continued.She stared blankly ahead for a few seconds before replying: 'No, none at all. The onlything that would usually make him happy like this would be when we'd just had a104
breakthrough of some sort, but all the stuff we're working on is months away from anythinglike that at the moment.''And what about what goes on in his personal lab, could he have reached abreakthrough there?''It's possible,' she shrugged. 'But he's usually not that secretive and I think he'd havetold me if that had happened. He wouldn't be able to contain his need to show off if that wasthe case I think,' she said with a small wry smile.'So you left after lunch, and then what happened?''Well I went to see my mum and dad and went home after that. I didn't get in again untilmorning and that was when I found out that he...he...he'd been...sho...,' her voice cracked atthe final word as tears started slow paths down her cheeks. 'I just don'tunderstandit, whowould want to hurt him, he's never hurt anyone!' she almost yelled in frustration.He hated seeing her unhappy and instinctively wanted to give her a hug and a veryliteral shoulder to cry on, but he checked himself at the last moment. Wouldn't do to get tooinvolved and besides, getting a hug from a near stranger might not help the situation. Insteadhe opted for continuing down the path of professionalism.'Well opinions are divided there,' he sighed. 'The police thinks that he might have beeninvolved in selling trade secrets and just ended up doing a bad deal, your boss claims to haveno idea and his widow thinks Tinycorp killed him.''Tinycorp, what? That's ridiculous, why on earth would they kill their top researcher?That doesn't make any sense!''The traditional motive for bumping off employees is usually that said employeeuncovers some secret or illegal activity within the company and decides to go public, but Idon't see why Franz would have gone looking for anything like that, being a, pardon thephrase, a bit of a geek,' he smiled apologetically.'You're right, heis...wasa geek, which is why that theory is bollocks, just as him sellinghis own research is bollocks as well. He was never interested in money, only his research,and for that he couldn't get better conditions than he had here,' she stated firmly.105
'The fact remains that heisdead though, so someone must have had it in for him. If notthe company or black market buyers, than who?' Sebastian asked.'You're the bloody detective, isn't that your job to find out?' she retorted a bitaggressively.Sebastian was a bit taken aback by the outburst and found himself unable to come upwith a quick reply. Before he could regroup, Angela broke her angry stare, closed her eyeswhile sighing and sagged her shoulders.'I'm sorry Mr. P...Sebastian,' she said quietly. That was out of order and very rude ofme, it's just...I'm just a bit stressed at the moment. Please accept my apology.'He wanted to make a big show of telling her how no apology was needed just to showhow magnanimous he was, but it stuck in his throat in the face of her earnestness and insteadhe replied: 'Apology accepted.'She gave a weak smile and he returned a grin.'But you're right, and Iamthe bloody detective, so I think I'll leave you alone now andget back to some serious detecting,' he said with a wink.She smiled in spite of herself and said: 'I didn't mean to scare you off, but I'm not sure Ican offer any more help, not that I feel like I've offered much so far.''Oh you'd have to be a lot more vicious to scare me off, and at the very least get someweaponry involved,' he grinned. 'And you've been very helpful indeed, not to mention anexcellent teacher on the wonders of nano. But all good things must come to an end, so I'll beoff now. Please contact me if you think of anything anything else which might be relevantalright?'She nodded and smiled. 'Will do.''So, how do I get out of this fortress?' he inquired.'Let me call you a drone, that's probably the easiest,' she replied and tapped a few keyson her wrist. 'It'll be here in a few seconds.'Certain enough, they barely had time to exchange a few awkward glances before heheard a hiss from the other side of the room as the door opened and a drone floated in. It106
came to a halt in front of him and said: 'Please follow me Mr. Poe and I will see you and yourartificial canine to your car.'With a smile and a two-finger salute he said goodbye to Angela and walked to the doorwith Halfie and the small shiny custodian. It took him to the same lift as before and all theway back down to the ground floor where it continued to lead him through the varioussecurity-gates back to the parking building. With a 'Have a nice day,' it then left him thereand went back towards the main buildings.Getting into his car he was pondering what she'd told him. If anyone knew Franz well itwould be Angela, and she certainly struck him as very honest person. That meant that hecould effectively rule out the industrial espionage theory, which only left Tinycorp as asuspect, although with no known motive. They'd have to have had a pretty good reason fordispatching him as he was worth a fortune to them, and he wasn't the sort of person to golooking for trouble so it didn't seem like a very likely scenario. Unless it had something to dowith the work he was doing on his own. It was interesting to note that he was in an especiallygood mood on the day he died, but again, anything that would have made him happy shouldalso make the company happy, so maybe the two were completely unrelated. Sebastian's headwas aching now from a morning full of family, violence, industrial intrigue and plain oldthinking. Deciding to let his subconscious take over the thinking for now and focusing on themore pressing need of a late lunch at Hong's, he started the car, took off without beingbothered by the building AI for once and headed home.As usual, driving on manual was a challenge but one that he'd grown accustomed to tosuch an extent that he could still dream about and plan the lunch ahead without anynoteworthy exacerbation of risk to his continued survival in the afternoon traffic. It was in themiddle of an especially saliva-inducing fantasy involving a kebab, massive chips and enoughketchup to constitute tomatocide that he noticed the car behind him. A black Taurus, Falosmodel, with blacked out windows was flying very close to his rear bumper. Too close forcomfort in fact as it indicated that the driver was on manual and not automatic as 99.999% ofall people with fully functioning cars were.107
No sooner had he finished the thought than the massive car accelerated violently andrammed him from behind. A car hitting another car in the old days when everybody wasdriving on the road always looked thrilling and dangerous when you saw it in the old classicmovies, and while it was a challenge to control the car under attack, it always seemed to besurvivable as long as you had a bit of driving skill. The difference in this situation though wasthat there was no road on which to get grip, and with the computer disengaged nothing tocompensate for this. As a result Sebastian immediately lost control of his car as it plummeteddown and into the opposite lane. Luckily for him everybody else had a computer controllingtheir vehicles and the collision avoidance software in these was advanced to such a degreethat the sea of traffic flowed around him without ever coming close, much like a crowd ofpeople would behave around a hairy, sweaty, fat man with his top off screaming abuse attrees for being "lazy". Sebastian quickly realised this and managed to persuade his heart to gobelow 200 beats per minute. As long as I don't hit a building I'll be ok, he thought andchecked the rear-view mirror two seconds before the black Falos rammed him again at anangle , sending him flying towards the nearest high-rise.Shitfuck.Pulling and turning the steering wheel as hard as he could he narrowly managed toavoid crashing headfirst into the building and instead hit it with the left side of the car, tearinga gash in the building as he continued flying forward and making a noise like the world wasending. After what seemed like forever but in reality was probably only about two or threeseconds he separated from the brick surface and immediately headed for the safety of solidground. He could see no sign of his attacker, but he wasn't taking any chances. There wasonly so much punishment the car could take, and with no computer to help him he was a deadman in any car duel.It didn't take long to reach level zero and set down shakily in the crowded street next toa kiosk, with people throwing themselves out of the way to avoid being flattened. Sebastianleapt out of the car and checked the sky looking for any trace of the black behemoth, but allhe could see was the normal traffic droning back an forth above him. He gave it a few108
seconds trying to ge his breathing under control. Still nothing. They must have given up. Hewould like to have thought that this was the result of his superior flying skills, but even hisnaturally inflated male perception of his own abilities knew this to not be the case. Hewouldn't have stood a chance if they'd decided to hit him again.'Oi! What the hell do you think you're doing landing in the middle of the street?' anagitated man with a ridiculous cap who could only be the kiosk vendor shouted at himangrily. 'You could have killed somebody, or worse you muppet!'Other people getting up and dusting themselves off after having just taken a dive tosafety were murmuring their assent and a few of them were inching closer. A wise manwould have seen this as a bad situation and gotten out of there, but wisdom wasn't one ofSebastian's defining attributes and he couldn't help himself.'What do you mean "or worse"?' he inquired of the irritated instigator of insurgency.'What doyoumean, what do I mean "or worse"?' the vendor retorted with a slightlypuzzled look.'Well you said I could have killed someone, "or worse", which would imply a fateworse than death. Personally I find it hard to see how my car can inflict such a thing, so I wasjust curious for you to clarify what scenario you had in mind when you made that claim,'Sebastian answered in all seriousness.Cap-man looked momentarily confused but quickly made his comeback.'It's just a bloody turn of phrase innit mate, not meant to be taken literal-like see? It'slike when you say you're dead tired, but you're not actually dead are you? It's meant toenhance the general sentiment you're trying to get across see?' he explained.This really pissed off Sebastian.Hewas supposed to be the one on the intellectual high-ground in these types of discussions, not the damn vendor. How dare he make a reasonableand intelligent argument when he was supposed to just stand there and be humbled in thepresence of Sebastian's wit and powers of reason. The bloody cheek of the man. Nothing forit but to do the mature thing though.109
'Whatever,' Sebastian said dismissively and got back into the car, taking off before themiffed crowd had time to find their pitchforks. He was halfway home before he suddenlyremembered the attack, so busy had he been seething over the vendor incident. It hadhappened in broad daylight right after his visit to Tinycorp and the perps were well funded tofly a car like that. Coincidence? Sebastian didn't believe in coincidences29and this had thesmell of a corporate warning all over it. Well, he wasn't a man to be easily intimidated andbesides, he was too well compensated to be. He'd just have to keep his wits about him in thefuture, especially as he continued digging around.Arriving home without further incident he bypassed the office and went straight toHong's for his much-deserved evening meal. It was a bit early and the late afternoon shopperswere still milling around the shop. There was no line at the coffee counter, so either Will hadgiven up on his high concept latte or word had spread that getting a coffee here today wouldinvolve a line and a wait too much for even the most hardened bus passenger to handle. Dueto his earliness the food counter was also mostly vacated and he was able to get his favouriteseat right at the end, with Halfie curling up at his feet.As he sat down he saw Will coming out of the kitchen. Thankfully it wasn't Nyala.Sebastian wasn't sure she appreciated the way he exited last time without paying, and she wasthe wrong woman to cross. She was nowhere in sight though, so Sebastian kick-started hisenzymes and was preparing mentally to place his order when he saw Will's face. He lookedlike someone had killed his favourite puppy, made it into a hat, shat into it and mailed it tohim in a urine-soaked box. In other words, not happy.'Hey Will, what's up my main man, why the long face? Or is that just your horseimpression?' he said glibly, hoping to get at least a weak smile.Will's facial muscles didn't move a micrometer though as he sat down behind thecounter, opposite Sebastian. He just gave a big sigh and assumed a posture that would makeany banana suffer from curvature-envy.29.He did actually, but he didn't believe he did.110
'Come on buddy, tell you old pal what's wrong,' Sebastian prompted him without anyfood-related self-interest in mind whatsoever.'It's granddad. He shut me down,' Will said flatly.'Shut you down? You mean the karma coffee thing?''TAI CHI LATTE! Not bloody karma coffee!' he shouted, making a man approachingthe counter with an intended purchase in hand suddenly reconsider, make a 90 degree turnand proceed to intensively study what appeared to be a shelf of dehydrated meat.'Alright, alright, tai chi latte, easy now,' Sebastian said calmingly, holding up his handsin a defensive posture.Will sighed again and blinked slowly. 'I'm...I'm sorry Seb, it's just that I work in thisbloody place all the time, I don't have any prospects and then when I try todosomething orcreatesomething I just get ridiculed and then ultimately shut down. It kills me, you know?'He looked genuinely upset and was exhibiting way more vulnerability than Sebastian'sexaggerated sense of masculinity was comfortable with. Keen to get past this, in his view,awkward moment he attempted to steer the conversation in the direction of a quick resolutionthat would ultimately lead to him having his dinner sooner rather than later.'I'm sure it's not all that bad Will. There are lots of things you're good at, for example, Ihappen to know that you're the best cook in the family. I'd take your Spotted Dick overanyone else's any day, and you know that. In fact, I'll take your Spotted Dick right now,' heoffered gallantly.It was only when he got an odd look from Will that he realised his choice of dish mighthave been badly chosen in the context of this conversation.'I mean...I didn't...you know it wasn't...ehh,' Sebastian floundered until he wasinterrupted by Will's laughter. I went on for a bit and was infectious enough for Sebastian tostart chuckling a bit as well.'Thanks Seb, I needed that. And you're right, I've got lots of talents damnit, and I'llshow them some day. I'll make something of myself and make granddad proud, I promise youthat. But for now I'm happy to cook you the best meal you've have all week, what'll it be?'111
Still on shaky ground from the sudden turn of events Sebastian had forgotten all hisearlier food plans and could only offer an eloquent: 'Ehhh...''That's fine, I'll conjure up something special for you,' he winked, turned around andwent back to the kitchen.Hmmm, Sebastian thought, went into uncharted waters there for a moment but all in allhe got the speedy resolution he wanted and was much closer to satisfying his need forunwholesome sustenance.Sod it, the day was pretty much over and anything Will could dish up was guaranteed toleech out the remaining energy he had for the day, forcing his body to concentrate onbreaking down obscene amounts of protein and starch. He might as well write up his reportfor Victoria and try to get the advance out of her while he waited. It didn't do his self-esteemany good to come begging like this but he could only string Alice along for so long, and theincapacitation of his, albeit witless, henchman would have done nothing to improve hispatience. Sebastian quickly dictated his progress report into his wrist, cursing the fact that hecouldn't type it like he preferred due to his mangled hand, and subtly put the request for anadvance in as a footnote. Some people actually had terminals on both their wrists, but forSebastian that was definitely out of the question.He'd barely sent off the message before Will returned with a steaming plate of cardiacarrest and placed it in front of him with a big smile on his face.'Dinner's served big guy, and if you can finish that I'll even throw in the stretcher we'llneed to get you out of here,' he grinned.Calling it a plate was a bit like calling The Stairway a stepladder as it more resembledsomething that could easily have doubled as a manhole30cover, and the content of it couldeasily be called family-sized, if the family in question was extensive.30.Manhole? I can't decide whether it's a sexist name or whether nothing good can evercome from a word that ends in "hole". One thing is for certain though, "womanhole" wouldn'tbe doing anybody any favours.112
'I detect a challenge Sir,' Sebastian said with a posh accent and proceeded to stuff apaper napkin down the front of his shirt before digging into the food. Like a witness to atraffic-accident Will was horrified to observe the event and at the same time he couldn'tprevent himself from staring in disgusted fascination at what could only be labelled carbocideand consumption with intent to digest.About ten minutes later Sebastian's cutlery clattered noisily unto the empty plate,followed by the soiled napkin and a three-second belch. He leaned back contently, rubbinghis belly and gave Will a triumphant look.'It's alright sonny, you're still young, you'll learn,' he smirked. 'Now, I'd love to havestayed for dessert but duty calls and I'm working on a very important case, so I'd better getback up to the office.'Putting on his hat he slid off the stool, gave the still stunned young Hong a casual air-salute and waddled out of the shop with Halfie on his heels. As soon as he'd cleared thewindows of the place he immediately leaned against the wall, bent over slightly, closed hiseyes and took slow, controlled breaths.Ok, he thought, bad move, why the hell did he do that? To impress Will? His stomachmade a loud gurgling sound like a flatulent elephant in shallow water, and followed this witha dull ache in his lower intestine. Shit, feels like I sprained my gut, Sebastian thought andsqueezed his eyes even more shut, trying to will the pain away. About a minute passed beforeit started to fade and he felt capable of walking again. Right, up to the office and on to thecouch for the rest of the evening, that was the plan. Keeping hold of the wall for moralsupport he staggered the short distance to the building entrance and up the stairs to the office.Answering Gladys' welcome with an incoherent grunt he went straight to his couch and threwhimself down on it head-first. Bliss.'Mr. Poe? Do you need my help to prevent an instance of suffocation by hat or are youentirely comfortable in that position?' Gladys inquired from the door, having just stuck herhead around the corner.'Mhooa owaoo,' came the muffled reply.113
'Very well, I shall be back later to check for a pulse,' she said and closed the door.Chapter 11: GLUMWaking up in sweat from a dream about sinking into a lake of potato mash while hugecumberland sausages were jumping on his head trying to force him down, Sebastian foughthimself into a seated position on the couch. It took him a moment to shake the disturbing, yetstrangely appetizing dream. Checking his wrist to see the time, he saw that only about twohours had passed since he fell asleep. He also saw the most probable reason for him wakingup, aside from food nightmares and indigestion, namely a message from Victoria informinghim that she was happy with the progress so far and confirming a transfer of five thousandkilos to his account.That was more than enough to cover his outstanding with Alice and keep him going fora few weeks. Bless the woman. So focused had he been on the money that he almost missedthe last paragraph of her message where she asked him to attend Franz' wake the next day atnoon at her house. A wake? How exceedingly dull. You stand around with a bunch ofstrangers, or even worse, relatives and either share at best vaguely humorous anecdotes aboutthe deceased or comment on how well the widow/widower is coping. And apparently it'sfrowned upon to make jokes at the expense of the deceased, or describe in detail varioussordid chapters of his or her life as Sebastian had found out on numerous occasions. Wake.What a weird thing to call it too since the very definition of the word means to ceasesleeping. Maybe the name should be seen as a stern reminder not to doze off during theproceedings. At least it would give him a chance to question some of the people who knewFranz, even if he'd have to be more subtle than his usual self. No knock-knock jokes then31.He'd better get some more sleep then if he was expected to stay awake through that,Sebastian thought and got up to remove his coat so he could resume slumbering in a31.Knock-knock. Who's there? Beau. Beau who? Aw don't cry, you'll find someoneelse.114
marginally more dignified manner. Having arranged the coat in a haphazard pile on thearmchair he dove back into the warm, soft, and let's be honest, pungent embrace of the couchwith a sigh of contentment. His stomach was still giving the occasional indignant twinge butit was nothing compared to before and everything should be back to normal in time forbreakfast. Mmmmm, breakfast.He heard the outer door open, followed by some muffled conversation. Please, no.Please, please, please...'Sir?' the intercom crackled.'Excuse me Sir?' Gladys persisted.For crying out loud, not a moments peace. Sebastian got up, started towards the desk,hit his shin on the small coffee table, cursingly drew said coffee table's lineage into question,hobbled all the way to the desk and pressed the intercom.'YES?' he shouted, not entirely managing to mask his irritation.'I'm sorry to interrupt Sir, but there are some men here to see you.''Men? What men? Can you be more specific please, I'm a busy man,' he needlesslystated.'They won't say Sir, they just insist upon seeing you, claiming that they have importantinformation concerning Franz Jaeger. Do you want me to send them away?'Sebastian cursed, he'd have to see them now. Wouldn't do to send away people whocould help the case. On the other hand, they could be muscle from Tinycorp, sent over tointimidate him, or worse. He'd better take his precautions and give Gladys the secret code.'Send them in Gladys. Oh and please, send in some coffee...extra strong,' he added witha subtlety worthy of sumo wrestler at a buffet.'Will do Sir,wink wink,' she replied, actually saying the words "wink wink".Letting out a small sigh Sebastian reminded himself to have yet another refresherconversation with Gladys concerning subterfuge.He turned around and sat down on his desk, facing the door as it opened. Through itcame three or four men. That might seem like an odd observation as one should be able to115
perform a more accurate count when the number was in the single digits, but the fact of thematter was that looking at them you were sure that there were more than three and yet fourseemed like too high a number. Sebastian decided to focus on each person in turn to work hisway through an exact count.The first one through the door was impossible to describe. He had no distinguishingfeatures whatsoever. He was a police artists worst nightmare, as the answer to any questionabout his appearance would be: Ordinary. In fact, he was the reason the tiny group was hardto count as he was clearly there, but was so plain and boring that you could easily miss him ifyou didn't know he was there.The next person was exactly the opposite. He had to stoop slightly to get through thedoor and Sebastian got the impression that if he hadn't twisted his upper body slightly as heentered, he would have ripped the sides of the door off. In a word, he was massive. You couldalter you physiology quite substantially in this day and age, but his size you had to be bornwith. As for his face, it matched the rest of him, with a large square jaw, a brow like a graniteoutcropping and crew-cut hair making look like a larger-than-life-sized action figure.After these two extremes it was almost a comfort to see two fairly normal-lookingpeople enter. The first one with shoulder-length, black, lank hair and brown mocking eyesand the last one with a blonde ponytail, nervous eyes darting back and forth and for somereason wearing thin, black gloves.Apart from the gloved one they all wore fairly standard clothes, especially the first one.A few moments had passed in silence as Sebastian had been appraising them, and theywere the first ones to break the silence32.'We're GLUM,' the plain one said.Sebastian thought that to be an odd conversation opener, but decided that the bestcourse of action when faced with something confusing was to go on the offensive.32.No, not with words like violence.116
'Well I can see you're not the bloody Chuckle Brothers, but who are you?' he threwback.It was now the visitor's turn to be confused and he didn't manage to hide it.'Ehh..what? I just...I just told you? We're GLUM!' he restated.The big guy sighed and half-whispered to the speaker: 'I told you it was a stupidacronym...'He turned back towards Sebastian and said out loud: 'It's an acronym, GLUM,Gentleman's League of Unusual Mutants,' he half sighed.'Oooookaaaay,' Sebastian said slowly. 'So you're muties33? What's so unusual aboutyou?' he asked against his better judgement.Before anyone else could answer, the guy with the ponytail took a half-step forward,struck a dramatic pose with his right hand and index finger semi-erect.'Wherever there is injustice, you will find us. Wherever there is suffering, we'll bethere. Wherever liberty is threatened, you will find...GLUM!' he recited enthusiastically.His three companions looked extremely uncomfortable and exasperated at this outburstbut refrained from turning on their compatriot.'I think you'll find the three, or in this case four, amigos there my friend,' Sebastianchided him, secretly impressed that someone else had seen that classic movie. 'But let metryand get this straight. You're some kind of...of super hero outfit?'They all continued to look a bit uncomfortable except for the one in the pose whostarted nodding vigorously while grinning like an idiot.33.Due to the systematic abuse of the planets' ecosystemand the destruction of thenatural barriers protecting humanity from harmful radiation, the last few hundred years hadseen more and more occurrences of random mutations in humans. These mutations, unlikewhat comic books would lead you to believe, were almost never beneficial.117
'I'm sorry but, no offence, none of you, maybe except for Gargantua here,' he pointed atthe big guy, 'look particularly super to me. Exactly what powers are we talking about?' heinquired, curiosity actually getting the better of him.Mr. Anonymous, who appeared to be the leader grabbed this opportunity to reassert hisstatus and said: 'I'm The Unseen Man, and I have the power to avoid being seen by people.Apart from that I also have excellent organisational skills and I'm the leader of the group,' headded hastily.'What, like The Invisible Man?' Sebastian asked.'Ehh...no, not really. I can't turn invisible per se, but when I concentrate I can makepeople not see me.'Sebastian was confused.'I think a demonstration would help me understand this better,' he said.'It doesn't work like that. It won't work if you're actively looking for me.''So, you can't go invisible, but if people aren't looking for you they won't see you. Isthat a correct summation of your powers?''Right.''Right,' Sebastian echoed.'And what about you big guy, are you only big and muscular in the early evening orwhat?' he turned his gaze on action man.Big guy grinned and replied: 'Nope, all me all the time. I'm called Mr. Big by the way.''Not high on originality but it cuts through the bullshit I guess,' Sebastian nodded. 'Anyinteresting downsides or weaknesses?' he said shooting a quick glance in the direction ofCaptain Transparency.Mr. Big immediately looked nervous. 'Ehh, no. Why do you ask?''No reason,' Sebastian quickly replied with a smug smile. 'And what'syourstage name?'he asked the dark haired young man with the playful eyes.'I'm The Confounder,' he answered softly. 'I confound people with logical traps, circulararguments, idiosyncratic statements and superior powers of reasoning.'118
'That's hardly a mutational power though is it,' Sebastian challenged him. 'Anybodywith a decent upbringing, education and brains could do that.''Not the way I do it.''And how is the way you do it special if I may ask?''It just is.''Come on, give me an example or a demonstration or something.''Ok, I will.'A few moments passed.'Well?' Sebastian urged.'Well what?''Were you going to give me a demonstration or not?''Yes.''Then do it.''I am.''I beg to differ, but you're doing fuck all at the moment.''Am not.''Am too.''Look, this is just stupid,' Sebastian said dismissively.'Look, this is just stupid,' the youth repeated in exactly the same tone of voice, anannoying little smile around the corners of his mouth.'Oh you're repeating what I say now, real mature.''Oh you're repeating what I say now, real mature.''Is this what you call superior powers of reasoning?''Is this what you call superior powers of reasoning?'The inflection was an exact copy.'Right, I'm not playing this retarded game any more.'The Confounder made a crybaby face and rubbed his eyes with his knuckles and saidsulkingly: 'I'm not playing this retarded game any more. Boo hoo, boo hoo.'119
He was starting to get on Sebastian's nerves.'Stop it.''Stooop eieieiit, boo hoo,' he replied, still pulling a face.'I'm warning you!' Sebastian shouted, his vision starting to assume a red tinge.'Ohhh, I'm soooooooo scared, boo hoo,' was the mocking reply.Sebastian leapt at him, hands stretched out, aiming for his neck, but was intercepted atthe last moment by Mr. Big who held him in a vice-like grip without any apparent effort.'Lemmego! I'm going to wring his stupid fucking neck, the little bastard,' Sebastian spatwhile fighting uselessly to get free.'Relax please Mr. Poe,' Mr. Big said, 'he was just giving you a demonstration, don't yousee?'Sebastian fought on for a few more seconds before the words sunk in and the red hazestarted receding. At that moment Gladys opened the door and stuck her head in.'Everything all right Sir?' she asked.'Yes...yes, fine Gladys,' he replied, indicating to his captor that he was ok now andcould be trusted to not attack anyone if he was let go. And so he was. Gladys retreated again.His shirt had come undone in the scuffle and he spent a few moments sorting himselfout before returning to his initial position on the desk.'Very good, very good,' he said with a forced smile. 'I get it. Not sure where thatparticular ability would come in handy, but a very efficient demonstration none the less.'That leaves us with you then,' he nodded in the direction of the last GLUM memberwith the ponytail and gloves. 'What doyoudo?''Give me something from your desk please, something that you don't mind losing,' wasthe reply.Sebastian looked behind him and immediately found an empty pizza box which hehanded over. The gloved man put it under his left arm and made a big show of slowlyremoving the glove on his right hand. Sebastian had half-expected to see something horribleor glowing, but all he saw was an ordinary hand. With his left hand he now grabbed the pizza120
box and gently touched it with the index finger of his right. Again, Sebastian had, maybenaively, expected something more than nothing to happen, but as far as he could see nothinghad indeed happened.'Is that it? What did you do?''Smell it,' the man said and held it out toward Sebastian, who obliged and cautiouslysniffed it. It smelled like bacon and he said so.'Exactly!' the now partially gloved man exclaimed.Complete silence for about five seconds before Sebastian spoke.'It's a fucking pizza box, of course it smells like bacon! What are you, mental?' healmost screamed.'Ok, ok, bad example,' he replied apologetically. 'Give me something else then.'Sebastian's head was starting to hurt, this was just surreal. He decided to see it throughthough and handed over a used ozone stick from his desk.The gloved avenger went through the same ritual again and handed it back with thewords: 'Smell it.'He did. Bacon again. Unbelievable.'Are you telling me that your power is to make things smell like bacon?' Sebastianasked in exasperation.'Yes!' he beamed proudly. And my name is...''Bacon Boy!' they both said in unison, although with markedly different levels ofenthusiasm.'That's it, get out, all of you,' Sebastian said brusquely. 'I've had enough for one day.'He started waving his arms as if to herd them out the door like a flock of chickens.'Wait, wait, you have to listen to us, we can help you!' the nigh-invisible man insistedwith urgency.'If I ever find myself in a situation where I need to annoy some vegetarians you'll be myfirst port of call, I promise you that,' Sebastian said while continuing to wave is arms about.'No but, but we can help you with the Jaeger murder, we saw it happen!'121
Sebastian froze in place. Shit, that's right, with all the stupid bloody mutie nonsensehe'd completely forgotten the reason he'd let them in in the first place; their claim to be ableto help him on the case. He didn't want to appear too eager though, better to maintain asuperior position with nutters. He leaned back unto the desk again and crossed his legs andarms.'Fine, and what is it you think you saw?' he asked indulgently.Professor Bland told him where they all worked and took him through an explanatoryconversation very similar to the one which had happened amongst themselves in the companycanteen earlier, including furtive glances over his shoulders and hushed tones. When he'dfinished they all looked at him expectantly.''That's a very interesting story I must say,' Sebastian said calmly. 'Why have you cometo me with this? Aren't you afraid of what Tinycorp would do if they found out you wereblabbing to the enemy?'At this Bacon Boy took a half-step forward again, assumed The Pose and startedreciting: 'Wherever there is injustice, you will...,''Yes, yes, yes, you're noble heroes in shining armour, I get it,' Sebastian interruptedbefore nausea set in. 'Do you actually have any proof of this? Security recordings? Anything?'They all looked at The Confounder who shuffled his feet slightly and said: 'No. I triedlooking through the security logs, but I don't have access to those labs at all. I did manage toaccess the hallway in front of it though, and there is nothing on there. Not even footage ofJohn, sorry, The Unseen Man being in the hallway. They must have wiped it after the fact tocover their tracks.'At this The Unseen Man's faced turned deathly pale. 'They...they wiped it?' hestammered. 'But...but that means th...that they've seen me on the recording! I'm fucked!''Relax, they didn't see you then so they probably didn't see you on the recording eitheras they weren't looking for you,' The Confounder tried to calm him.'But what if they did? What if they did?!' he insisted in a panic-ridden voice.122
'Well,' interjected Sebastian, 'if they did you'd probably be dead already, but returningto more important matters, if you don't have any evidence and you can't get access to wherethe evidence is, then what good are you to me? Hmm? Because unless Mr. Big has two twinbrothers with a penchant for murder I don't really see how you can help me.'They all looked at him in confusion.'Twin brothers...?' Mr. Big mouthed softly and looked pensive. 'Do you mean Nut &Bolt?'The focus of confused looks, now including Sebastian's, shifted towards Mr. Big.'Nut & Bolt?' Sebastian repeated.'Yeah. They're these to executive security guys at Tinycorp who come and go at alldifferent times of the day and have full access to everything. They only answer to the CEO.Only the security staff knows about them and even we know very little as they're not on file.The other guys usually take the mick and call them my brothers whenever they come around,which is why I thought you might be talking about them. Identical twins, about seven feettall, blonde, always wearing sunglasses? We call them Nut & Bolt as a Frankensteinreference because they look like they had a ton of work done.'Sebastian's pulse rose.'And would you happen to know their names and addresses?' he asked hopefully,already knowing the answer.'Are you kidding? These guys are top-level corporate black-ops, they probably don'teven have an ID-tag,' Mr. Big replied.'Figures,' Sebastian muttered.'I do have an idea where you might find out more though?' Mr. Big offered.Sebastian raised his eyebrows in inquiry.'Although they both had a lot of work done, you don't get to do what they do unless youhave an incredible amount of mental discipline and body control, so chances are that theywere BC members at some point. I can't be sure though.'123
Body Cult, Sebastian thought. Basically body-builders who'd taken their addiction andturned it into a quasi-religion. Members lived and breathed optimization and perfection ofmuscle and would spend most of their lives in the gym. They didn't use anything artificial toassist their growth and had nothing but scorn for genetic treatments and implants. This meantthat the twins were sure to not be members any more, but the lead was better than nothing.'All right, I guess it could be worth checking out,' Sebastian agreed. 'Any other ideas?'They collectively shuffled their feet and looked around at each other.'I can keep trying to get access to the lab records and maybe have a snoop around to seewhat else I can find on the systems. I just have to be really careful,' The Confounder said.'I'll look into physical access to the lab,' Mr. Big suggested. 'I don't know if we'll need itor if it's even possible, but it would be nice to have as a last resort. Also, I'll keep an eye outfor the twins and see what they get up to.''And I'll...eh...coordinate,' The Unseen Man said weakly, doing his best to look like hewas in control.Bacon Boy didn't say anything but was still grinning. As hard as he thought about itSebastian couldn't find anything useful to which the weirdo could apply his dubious skills, sohe let it lie.'Well if that's it, I suggest you all clear out now so I can get on with my work,' heconcluded and once again stood up and started waving his arms in an attempt to herd themout the door. This time they didn't resist and slowly ambled out of his office, with Sebastianclosing the door behind them.What a bunch of freaks, he thought, leaning against the closed door. Bacon Boy? Hereally couldn't afford to be seen in public with these guys, but at least he now had somepeople on the inside and it was nice to get some backup for Victoria's story. He'd have to payBody Cult a visit tomorrow morning. Now though, he deserved some rest, so he threwhimself back down on the sofa and got on with his work.124
A maximum of two minutes had passed when he heard the main door open againfollowed by muffled conversation. The conversation stopped and the door to Sebastian'soffice opened.'Right! That's it! What part of no more visitors didn't you understand Gladys?' he all butscreamed while fighting to extricate himself from the pillowy death-trap. Finally getting uphe aimed an angry stare at the door only to find a tall hairy man wearing a red dress, blackhardwood-destroying stilettos andand a matching black purse. It went very well with hisbeard.'Oh, Alice, didn't see you there, please come in,' Sebastian one-eightied in a split-second. 'Can I offer you something? Coffee? Rent?''Rent would be nice Poe, are you telling me you have it this time?' he asked in his slow,deliberate way.'Of course I do! I promised didn't I?''That you did, that you did...,' he agreed.'Let me transfer it to you straight away. Three mil is it34?,' he raised his wrist and righthand to tap the transfer out, was confronted with the state of his right hand and sighed. Beforehe had time to give the verbal order, Alice interrupted him.'Plus hospital bills. Comes to four mil now.''But the hospital is free,' Sebastian protested, 'why should I pay for that?''Like I said,plus hospital bills, comes to four mil now...,' he emphasized givingSebastian a hard stare.'Right, right, hospital bills, of course,' Sebastian agreed, knowing full well that he wasin fact getting off easy considering how it was partly his fault that The Weasel had had hisbone-structure radically re-ordered. 'How is the little tyke by the way? Not in any pain Ihope?'34.3000 kilos = 3 Mil, kilo also meaning thousand.125
A more disingenuous question of concern hadn't been uttered since Hitler had phonedthe Polish President in September 1939 asking him: 'You don't mind me and a few friendspopping over later, do you?'Alice didn't bite though and merely stated: 'He'll be fine.''Oh good, so glad to hear it, Sebastian replied, narrowly topping his previous statementin dis-ingenuity. 'Four mil it is then,' he confirmed and gave the verbal command to initiatethe transfer. A few seconds later Alice's wrist emitted a beep, and upon inspection of it hestarted nodding slowly.'Very nice Poe, I must say I am a bit surprised, but it's good to see you're being a bitmore responsible with your financial matters.'Sebastian didn't know whether to be offended that he was being patronized or to beproud of himself, but in his defence a ruthless six-foot transvestite did tend to throw yourequilibrium out of balance a bit. In the end he went with an inane smile.'I hope I won't have to come back next month Poe, you do realise that you can transferthe money to me without me being in the same room right?''Hahaha,' he laughed unnaturally, 'of course I do, and next month I'll do the transferwell ahead of timejustto be sure.'Alice gave him a long stare.'Right then, I'll be off,' he stated and ambled out of the office with all the femininity ofdrunk welder.Sebastian slumped back down into the sofa. Four bloody mil. That didn't leave much ofthe advance he'd received but he'd have to make do. Five minutes later he was fast asleep.Lying in a hospital-bed with most of his body in a cast, Dweazil was not a happy man.Fucking tweed-wearing psycho, he'd surprised him that was all. Who would havethought that a fucking servant could get the drop on him like that. It wouldn't happen again,that was for damn sure. And Poe...he would pay, oh yes sirree he would pay. This was allhisfault, the smart-mouthed, window-peeping, widow-chasing cunt. As soon as he got out of126
here he would pay him an unexpected visit, and then we'd see how many smart remarks hecould make with no teeth and his bollocks in his mouth. Alice wouldn't like it but there wasno reason for him to know. He'd just have to...'Evening Mr. Diminutive!' came a cheery female voice. 'Time for your bath!' The nursehad entered the room without him noticing and was approaching him with a small bucket ofwater and a very abrasive-looking sponge.'It's Diminotov, DIMINOTOV ya silly bint!' he spat. 'And you're not coming near mewith that thing!''Now now Mr. Diminutive, quiet down and watch your language, you have to becleaned when you can't do it yourself, it's regulations,' she chided him with a stern face.'I don't fucking care, do I?! Just stay the fuck away from me!'She put down the bucket and sponge and stuck her hands in her sides while staring athim.'Now you listen here you little twerp. I only have one sponge and I need to wash all ofyou. I can either start at the top or at the bottom, it's up to you. Will you play nice?'Dweazil gave his answer a thorough half-second of deliberation before answering.'Stick it up ya arse ya cow!' he hissed.'Fine, have it your way, bottoms up!' she said cheerfully as she loomed over him,sponge in hand.Outside the room in the corridor his screaming and cursing could clearly be heard: 'I'llget you for this Poe, I swear it, I'll mmmmmphhhhhhmuuurphllll...'Chapter 12: Some BodiesShe broke through the surface like a magnificent figurehead adorning the prow of asubmerged ship, which had suddenly decided to resurface if for no other reason than to show127
off. Rivulets of water streamed down her bronzed skin, caressing every curve like somethingwet caressing something curvy.Sebastian once again found himself fully clothed in an armchair on a paradise-perfectbeach, watching spellbound as the aquatic vision stepped unto the sandy shore and slowlywalked towards him. She looked exactly the same as before, the dream girl with the perfectface, hair and body.He couldn't take his eyes off her as she came to a full stop in front of him and kneltdown, putting a hand on each of his knees. Looking him deeply in the eyes she pushed hisknees apart, slowly moving her head toward his crotch...Sebastian closed his eyes and thought: 'Yes, yes, thank you, thank you!'She then opened her mouth and clamped her teeth down on his inner thigh, making himscream instantly.When he opened his eyes the beach was gone and instead he was confronted withGladys holding an empty tray slightly askew, and looking down he immediately saw thereason for his rather sudden awakening: An empty cup and a steaming wet patch on the frontof his trousers. The visual confirmation did nothing to alleviate his pain, quite the contrary asa matter of fact, and so he continued screaming.'Aaaaaaarrrrghh! What the hell! Ow ow ow ow ow ow!!!'Sebastian jumped out of the sofa and tried his best to pull the hot, wet fabric away fromhis skin on both legs simultaneously, using only his one good hand. This resulted in himlooking like a man who had made a wager that he could pluck two chickens at the same timewith one arm tied behind his back.'I'm so, so sorry Sir, oh my gosh, are you alright?' Gladys squeaked with genuineconcern.'Am I alright?! Am I alright?! Does it look like I'm alright?!' Sebastian screamedhysterically.'No Sir, it doesn't, but my programming tells me that this particular nonsensicalplatitude is appropriate in the situation. Is it not so?'128
In the meantime the trousers had cooled sufficiently to not cause agonizing pain andwere now merely insufferably hot. Sebastian didn't have a clever reply so he just settled forglowering at her, which seemed like a weirdly unsatisfactory thing to do when your subjectdidn't have a face, but he persisted nonetheless.'Well don't just stand there, get me some dry trousers,' he snapped.'You mean "the other pair" Sir?''Whatever, as long as they're dry.''You are aware that they have a rather large stain on them aren't you?''They do?''Yes, ever since your... accident involving a certain bodily function.'Sebastian looked puzzled for a moment before remembering. 'Oh yes, that. Well justget me another pair then.''You only have two pairs Sir, when I last spoke to you about it you deemed more thantwo pairs a needless extravagance. Even persuading you to have more than one was an uphillstruggle to be honest. I believe your exact words were: "I've only got one set of legs, whatwould I want with more than one pair?" Sir.'Ok, fine, but why didn't you have the other pair cleaned then?''I did, but they couldn't get the stain out. Apparently the... matter, had bonded violentlywith the material in a way the dry-cleaner had never seen before, making it impossible toremove without destroying the fabric.''Why didn't tell me this and get a new pair then?''At this point I'd like to refer to my earlier recitation of our conversation on the topicSir...'Sebastian sighed.'Very well. What do I do now though? I can't go out like this!''You should be fine in the other pair as long as you don't remove your trench coat. Ifyou do, you might want to have an explanation handy involving chocolate and sitting on it foran extensive period,' she said without a trace of sarcasm.129
Two minutes later Sebastian and Halfie entered Hong's, Sebastian failing miserably tokeep the front of his trousers from clinging to his crotch. Ok, yes, so it looked like he'd pissedhimself, but there are worse things it could look like, and the extremely unpleasant sensationit was to have your genitals soaked in coffee would pass in time.As usual the food bar wasn't busy even though it was actual breakfast time for normalpeople. Sebastian checked his wrist again, not believing that he was actually up at thisungodly hour. Only workaholics and weirdos were up at 8am, surely. He surveyed the othercustomers, mostly consisting of stressed-looking suits queuing up for their java fix with anoptional side of pastry indulgence. Amateurs. They probably started the day with aninstameal or something equally unappetizing like yoghurt or muesli, or both! How could youlive on that? Sure, you might not feel "bloated" or have "digestive problems", but at whatcost? Living out life only tasting bland food that was good for you? Never enjoying thesucculence of a greasy banger, the charcoal splendour of bacon burned to a crisp and thesweet and salty explosion of taste that was baked beans? No thanks, not this guy. Re-affirmedin his culinary life-choice Sebastian tried to get the attention of Will who was busy serving(regular pace) coffees. Will spotted him straight away and gave him a friendly nod. Then hedid a half-turn towards the kitchen and shouted: 'Nyala, food order!'Bugger. She wouldn't be too happy with him after last time when he skipped out on hisbill yet again. She came out of the kitchen and spotted him immediately. He gave her a smallwave and what he hoped was a charming smile. She didn't appear to be appeased by thegesture though and was looking very serious as she stamped over to the counter.''Ello luv, moight ay saay 'ow luvlay you're lookin' this mornin'?' he attempted in whatcould only be described as the most complete butchering of the cockney accent since Dickvan Dyke starred in Mary Poppins. Apparently Nyala didn't find it charming either.'You've got a lot of nerve coming back in here after last time!' she said angrily.'Oh come on, your food's notthatbad, and besides, I like to live dangerously,' hereplied with a wink, opting for ill-advised smart-arsedness.130
She reached over the counter and grabbed him by the lapels of his coat, pulling himhalfway over the counter; a move which belied her short and willowy stature.'Listen buddy, nobody, and I meannobodymakes a fool of me, and until you've paidyour bill in full you will not be getting so much as one sip of coffee or one baked bean! Youunderstand?!' she hissed, her face now mere inches away from his.With a small poof, two tiny figures appeared on Sebastian's shoulders, one on each.Now traditionally one of these would be wearing angelic garb and be carrying a harp and theother be equipped with horns and a pitchfork, but as Sebastian's world view didn't revolvearound moral decisions, his shoulder people consisted of witty macho man on one side and asocially competent human being on the other. Macho man said: 'Go on, kiss her! She'll loveit, the dirty cow,' while Normal man just turned pale and shook his head wide-eyed withshock. Sebastian was about to pucker up when some deep instinct of self-preservation kickedin and he found himself saying these words instead: 'Loud and clear Nyala, loud and clear.I'm sorry.'Macho man gave him a look of contempt, made a rude gesture and vanished. Normalman wiped his brow with relief and also disappeared.Nyala didn't let go straight away but continued to give him the full brunt of herwithering stare for a few seconds before suddenly letting go. She put her fists at her waist,giving her the appearance of a small angry teapot.'Right, let's have it then. Now!' she yelled.'Easy, easy, take it easy Nyala, I said yes didn't I?'Sebastian made a big show of tapping out the transfer on his wrist with the crippledhand, even adding such gentle touches as wincing occasionally to give the impression that hewas only managing by suppressing large amounts of pain. With a final awkward press heannounced: 'There. Done.'Nyala immediately checked her wrist and only had to wait a second before the transferappeared. She looked back up at Sebastian.'All of it. Not just this month, I want all of it.'131
'All of it?! Are you mad? That's a bloody fortune!''Yeah, tell me about it. All...of...it. Now.'Sebastian gave her a pleading look, but nothing could assuage that cold, hard stare.'Fine. You're taking me for everything I've got here, but if you can live with that, thensure, I'll give it to you,' he said raising his wrist again but pausing his hand over the display,hoping against hope that she'd stop him at the last second. No change of mind wasforthcoming though and with a deep sigh he went through the motions again. Even though itwas a lost battle he still put in the occasional wince and air sucked in through clenched teethbefore completing the task.Nyala checked her wrist again and gave a slight nod, apparently satisfied thateverything had now been paid. She then looked up and gave Sebastian a big, bright smile.'Right then, what can I get you? Let me guess, a full english and a large coffee strongenough keep you awake for the remainder of the year?'She didn't wait for a reply but just continued smiling and said: 'Coming right up!' beforeturning around and going into the kitchen.'That woman has issues,' Sebastian thought to himself.He hadn't been telling the exact truth but the bill had made a rather huge dent in hisrapidly decreasing cash holdings and he wouldn't be able to stretch what was left for verylong. Actually, it would be best if he could wrap up the case in a few days and then get paidthe total sum Victoria had promised him. Then he'd take a much deserved vacation, maybe asandy beach somewhere. Just him, a sun lounger and an endless streams of cocktails. Ohyeah.He was pulled out of his reverie by Nyala slamming a heavily laden tray-sized plate infront of him.'Bon appetit!' she grinned eerily, at least in Sebastian's opinon. It did nothing to lessenhis appetite though and he immediately dug in, only coming up for air occasionally.Five minutes later as his stomach and lower intestines were embroiled in intensenegotiations concerning working conditions and evacuation procedures, Sebastian was132
contentedly sipping the last half of his industrial strength coffee, mulling over the agenda fortoday. The wake was just after midday and he'd have to go to that. It might even beinteresting to see who showed up and it would give him a chance to check out Franz' homecomputers, which he needed to do anyway. Until then, the only real lead he had was the oneon the peroxide twins and the possible link to the Body Cult. It was a bit of a long shot, butall he had at this point.Draining the cup and wiping his face and hands he got up, and with a quick glance tocheck that the dragoness wasn't around, he quick-stepped out of the shop, closely followed byHalfie. She might have made him pay all he owed, but he'd be damned if he'd leave therewithout owingsomething.The Body Cult were very serious about their beliefs and they also believed strongly insymbolism. As a result they didn't have any branches or offices, but just one massive buildingsituated in East London. That building housed what few administrative functions they neededand the rest was filled with exercise machines and free weights; over 40 floors of them.Members needed to go here if they wanted to be taken seriously. After all, what good was itbeing extremely fit and muscular if you couldn't show it off to as many people as possible.As with most other buildings the top few floors were a parking garage and Sebastianhad no trouble finding a vacant spot, although the landing was still a bit difficult with just theone hand. Walking into the reception he was yelled at by a huge guy in an ill-fitting uniform:'Hold it, hold it, hold it!'Sebastian did so.'No animals allowed in here buddy,' he said nodding his head at Halfie who was sittingnext to him.'He's not an animal, he's artificial, check out his shiny metal posterior, that's the mainclue.'He gave Halfie another look.'No synthetics or implants allowed either.'133
'What? Why?''We believe only in flesh and the perfection thereof. The taint of artifice must beavoided at all cost,' he recited in a manner which indicated that words like "thereof", "taint"and "artifice" were not part of his active vocabulary.'But he's a dog, surely those rules just apply to members or at least humans?''Them's the rules, I don't make 'em. He can't come in,' he stated with finality.Normally Sebastian would lay into him with cleverly disguised sarcasm and intellectualarguments, but first of all it would probably be wasted on him, and secondly it might not be agood idea to anger someone who looked like he could fold you many times over.'Fine. Halfie, go wait in the car.'Halfie cocked his head to one side as if to ask if he was sure. When no contradictoryorder was forthcoming he seemed to decide that Sebastian was serious and he got up andpadded out of the reception towards the parking garage.'Reception's over there,' the hulk pointed a hand like a baseball glove towards what wasunmistakably the reception.Sebastian gave him a dry smile and went in the indicated direction. Behind the counterstood a perfectly tanned and toned perky-looking young woman in a tight-fitting track-suit;her obligatory35ponytail sticking out the back of a baseball cap emblazoned with the BodyCult logo36. She seemed so full of energy that standing still appeared to be a chore, and shewas actually bouncing up and down slightly as Sebastian approached her.'Hi there! What can I do you for?' she bubbled in an American accent. Sebastian noticedthat she didn't have a wrist. They took the whole implant business quite serious in this place.'I need some information on a member of yours, it's for an investigation.'35.All tanned and toned perky young female gym instructors have ponytails. It's a wellknown fact.36.A stylised curled biceps on top of a brain, paying tribute to the idiom: "Matter OverMind".134
'Oh! Are you from the police? Coz you don't look like police? They're like, a lot more,you know, uniformy? You know?''No, no I'm not from the police, I'm a private investigator and I'm working on a murdercase, so it's very, very important that I speak to someone who can access member informationfor me.''No way! A murder case? That's like, so awesome? Is it someone famous? Likesomeone on the screens? How did he die? Is it even a guy? Coz you know, it could also belike, a girl?'Sebastian's head was starting to hurt form the barrage of unintended rhetoricalquestions.'No one famous I'm afraid, just a boring old scientist.''Oh,'She looked very disappointed.'Well I can't give you any information on members anyway? Coz it's like, classified orsomething? You know?'' I know, so can you direct me to someone who might be able to help me, like yourmanager for instance, or even better, the head guy around here whoever he may be?''Oh you can't see the head, you have to make an appointment for that, but I'll see ifmaybe the neck has time or one of the pecs?'Sebastian gave her a long cold stare.'Are you trying to be funny little miss?' he inquired acidly.'Huh? Like, what do you mean?'The vacant stare and open-mouthed non-stop chewing of her gum convinced him thatshe was in fact not trying to be funny, which could only mean one thing.'Are you telling me that the management in this place has an organisational structurewhere the individual positions in the hierarchy are named after pieces of anatomy?''Huh?'Sebastian sighed.135
'Are your bosses named after body parts?'Her face lighted up. 'Yeah! Cool huh?''Yes, very clever indeed. Now I don't really care if I talk to a tendon, a femur, an arteryor even a complete rectum, I just need to talk tosomeonewho can authorise access toinformation about two members of yours. Can..you..help...me?'She looked momentarily stunned by the heavy processing involved in deciphering thefirst part of his sentence, but the two halves of her brain appeared to just look at each other,shrug and skip it to better focus on the latter half.'Lemme check, hold please?'She tapped away on her terminal for a while before looking up again and declaring:'Latissimus Dorsi is working out on the 14th floor by the freeweights, he's agreed to speakwith you for five minutes while he gets his electrolytes? You can change on the floor belowhere?''Change?''Yeah, you're not allowed on the workout floors in normal clothes? It's like, against ourrules or something?''You're shitting me. I'm not here to work out, I just need to talk to this guy for fiveminutes, that's it.''I'mreallysorry, nothing I can do, they told me like, no exceptions?' she said, lookingabout as grief-stricken as someone who'd just put his pants on the wrong way and now had togo throughallthe trouble of taking them off and on again.'And what am I supposed to wear? It's not like I brought gym clothes with me!''Oh that's fine, there's stuff down there you can borrow? Just ask around, people arereally friendly!' she exclaimed with a big smile.Sebastian hesitated for a moment, weighing up the personal indignity of wearing gymclothes against the information he might get out of it. It was a tough call, but desperate timesand all that, he had nothing else to go on. He needed this. Making his decision he said: 'Fine!'and strode angrily towards the lift, passing under a big shiny archway on the way. The136
archway had a round light right at the apex which turned green as hecame out from under it.Taking the lift down one floor, he stepped straight into a giant changing room full of muscle-bound people wandering around in various stages of undress. The whole level seemed to beorganised into colour-coded islands, each consisting of a large amount of lockers encircling acentral shower area.Unsure where to go, he decided to follow the advice of the receptionist and asksomebody, picking a passer by who was mostly dressed and didn't look too intimidating.'Excuse me, could you tell me where I can borrow some gym clothes?'The man stopped and gave Sebastian a puzzled look.'You didn't bring your own?''Apparently not.''Oh. Well you can get some down there in the yellow zone, there's a dispenser.'He indicated in the direction behind Sebastian.'Might find it hard to get something in your size though,' he offered with an evaluatingelevator look, making Sebastian feeling a bit uncomfortable.'It's a dispenser isn't it? It's on demand so it should be able to give me any size.''Yeah I guess, but even technology has it limits doesn't it?' he grinned.Sebastian didn't know whether to be offended or agree with him wholeheartedly, so hesettled for a non-committal grunt and a nod and wandered off.He had to go to the furthest corner before he found the elusive dispenser, and it wasobvious by its placement in the corner of shame, that no self-respecting member would steepso low as to use it. Sebastian walked up to it and pressed the large glowing button on the frontpanel, which was the only interactive element adorning the front of the black cube measuringabout 2 meters on all sides.'Welcome to the Clothes Dispensermatic 27B/6, brought to you by Tinycorp,' droned adisembodied voice. 'How may I help you?'Them again.'Gym clothes,' Sebastian said.137
'And what fit and colour would you like you swim clothes in?''What? No,gymclothes, not swim clothes.''Come again?''Gym clothes.''Come again?''Gym clothes!''Come again?''Gym!!! Clothes!!!''Come again?''Now you listen to me you malfunctioning piece of crap, give me some SODDINGGYM CLOTHES!!!''And what fit would you like for you hot pink swim clothes?''Aaarrrgh! FUCK!''Thank you, one pair of snug, hot pink swimming trunks coming up.'After a few seconds of whirring noises a small aperture opened next to the large buttonand a tiny piece of fluorescent material shot out of it, hitting Sebastian in the face, where itproceeded to dangle from the brim of his hat. It was indeed a very small pair of stretchy, hotpink swimming trunks. Tanga model.'You know what? Fuck it, it's not like I care what these morons think of me anyway,'Sebastian thought, grabbing the offensive garment and walking back where he came from tofind a free locker.Leaving the changing floor and taking the lift down to the 14th, he was getting a lot ofodd looks. This only got more pronounced as he strode into the massive free-weights area,navigating around sweaty, grunting men of all sizes. He'd grabbed a complimentary towel onthe way in the hope that people might think he was indeed on the way to the pool but had justgotten momentarily lost, but nothing could distract from the fact that the only article ofclothing he was wearing was a pair of very tight and very pink swimming trunks. An Italian138
super-model would have had second thoughts about trying to pull off this look, andSebastian, with his many years of neglecting physical exercise, proper nutrition and naturalsunlight did not make a formidable figure. Whereas most of the people here were built likebrick shit-houses, he was built more like a shit shed, and as he wasn't so inclined he couldn'thide behind gay pride, resulting in a case of straight embarrassment. Luckily anyoneunfortunate enough to bear witness to this ocular atrocity were so dumbstruck they didn'thave time to jeer or make comments.On the way down in the lift he'd requested a path to the Latissimus Dorsi from thebuilding AI and he was now following a trail of glowing footprints on the floor, hopefullyleading him to his destination. With his luck it would probably lead him to a podium in afashion show, or maybe mercifully to a sheer drop.The footprints stopped right in front of a man who was a head shorter than Sebastian,but at least twice as wide. If you'd been a rush to get past him you'd be hard pressed to makea decision to go around him or over him. Like most people here he was tanned and verymuscular, wearing tight-fitting (not as tight as the swimming trunks, as that would be defyingthe laws of physics) knee-length shorts and a tank top. The tank top was so small and stringythat it could best be described as an inverse bra, i.e. it covered everything except the breasts.Sorry,pecs. He was drinking from a green canister and observing him closely as heapproached, incredulity written on his sweat-dripping face. Sebastian decided to pretendeverything was normal. Hell, that strategy had gotten him through most of his childhood so itwas tried and true.'Mr. Dorsi I presume?' he smiled and stuck out his hand, before instantly rememberingthe condition of it and thrusting out his left instead.The man in question looked down at the hand and then back up at Sebastian's smilingface, before putting his own left hand forward and saying: 'Call me Lat,' as if in a trance.'Very, very pleased to meet you,' Sebastian enthused while struggling to save his lefthand from suffering a similar fate to its sibling, disappearing as it had into a vice-like ham of139
a hand. Thankfully it was also slick with sweat and he managed to retract it without anyembarrassment.'That's uh, that's an interesting choice of outfit you've got on there.''Isn't it just?'Refusing to be fazed he didn't miss a beat.'I was told by your lovely receptionist that you were the guy to talk to about members?''I'm sorry, but she wasn't very clear on what this was about, just something about amurder?''Yes, I'm investigating a murder and one of my leads has lead me here. It's imperativethat I speak to two of your former members as soon as possible, and I was hoping that youcould help me with their contact details.''So you're police?''Not exactly no, I'm a private investigator, working on behalf of the widow.' It neverhurt to throw that word in there for sympathy. It didn't appear to have the desired effectthough as Lat put down his drink and went over to the long row of dumbbells, picking up onewhich looked to weigh at least 40 kilos. When he next spoke it was with his back turned.'I'm afraid I can't help you Mr. Poe, all our member details are confidential, and ifyou're not from the police there is no way I can give you that kind of information. I'm sureyou understand.'He lumbered over to a nearby bench with an upright back and sat down.'Pass me the other one?' he gestured at another dumbbell similar to the one he justpicked up. Sebastian eyed up the massive lump of metal.'I'm sorry, but I make it a point never to lift anything that's intentionally heavy.'Lat gave him an odd look before putting down the dumbbell he was holding andwaddling over to the rack to retrieve it himself.'Are you sure there's no way I can persuade you?' Sebastian said, raising his wristsuggestively.Lat chuckled.140
'Your money won't do you any good here. You forget who you're talking to. We're veryserious about our calling and even more serious when it comes to looking out for our own, sodon't insult me with money mate, I think it's time for you to leave.''Fair enough, fair enough, I apologise. I guess I should have known better than to try toget this information from you.''Damn straight,' Lat answered with a serious nod of the head.'I'm just surprised that you'd feel so protective about two guys who've had more workdone than the London Underground, as I thought that might have gone against everything youhold dear, but I was clearly wrong. I'll trouble you no more.'Sebastian turned around and started walking away.'Wait!' Lat yelled.'Gotcha,' Sebastian thought and turned around slowly.'What did you just say?''Oh I just said that I didn't expect you to defend two people who so clearly haveflaunted your core principles. But hey, to each his own.''Are you saying the guys you're looking for are...are...impure?' he said with suchvehemence that he almost looked like he was choking.'If that's your term for someone who, when they die, should not be cremated but ratherre-smelted, than yes.'Lat threw down the dumbbells with a huge crash and strode over toa nearby terminal.'What are their names?' he barked.'I don't know.''You don't know their names? Do you have pictures?''No, afraid not.''No names and no pictures. Do you realise how many members we have and have had?Even if I narrow it down to people who've been thrown out for impurity that's still thousands!''Oh I don't know, I guess I had the hope that you hadn't thrown out a lot of seven foottall, blonde twins...'141
Lat froze and a dark cloud went over his face.'Them...,' he growled.'Oh you know them? Splendid!''I know them alright. Let me tell you about them. Those two motherfuckers came herefor years and they were always two of the best performers around. Seven feet of muscle andwillpower. Lots of the young kids idolised them. Then seemingly overnight they startedoutstripping everyone else, I mean it was scary what these guys could do. I bench almost 500kilos, and they started doing 600, 650, 700, all over the duration of a few months.''Why didn't you check them for implants if you thought they were cheating?''We did! Didn't you see the big archway scanner in the reception? No artificial implantgets past that thing, and you don't get into the building without passing through there. Not abeep though, they were clean. Or so we thought. One day Denny, one of the older guys here,makes some snide remark about cheating, and Riggs flies into a rage, I mean he goescompletely berserk. Tears the other guy apart. During the fight though his left arm gets amassive cut from a broken sheet of glass through which he'd just thrown Denny, and rightthere for everyone to see is shiny artificial cabling.'Sebastian raised an eyebrow.'I know, unbelievable eh? Needless to say there were so many witnesses that it was nouse for them to try and cover it up, so they just left without a word and we never heard fromthose arseholes again.''And you never found out how they managed to cheat the system?''No,' Lat sighed looking concerned. 'We like to think that BC members are people ofideals and integrity and that the scanning we do is more symbolic than anything else, but thefact of the matter is that we had these...thesebetrayersin our midst for a long time withouthaving any idea what they were doing, and iftheycould do it, other people could andprobably will.''Actually, I wouldn't worry too much about that. Those guys are not your run-of-the-mill average gym-goers, trust me.'142
Lat winced slightly at the term "gym-goer" which to him was probably the equivalentof describing a master sculptor as someone who likes to play with clay.'What do you mean?''I can't tell you any details, but let's just say that if anyone would be capable of gettingtheir hands on the most state of the art technology money can buy and a lot of stuff youcan'tbuy, they would. They're extremely well connected in that department.''I see. I'll just have to take your word on that I guess,' Lat replied. From the way hiseyes looked up and down Sebastian and the tiny crease appearing between his eyes, youcould tell that he might be harbouring secret doubts concerning the validity of anything apale, slightly flabby man in too-tight, pink trunks and a fedora had to say.'Look, I know I look ridiculous but believe me, this wasn't my choice of clothing. It's acomplicated and boring story, but if you give me that address I promise you that they'll getwhat's coming to them. I'll make sure of that,' Sebastian finished sincerely.Latlooked him in the eyes for a few moments, turned around and went back to thenearby terminal where he started tapping away.'You didn't get this information from me, understand?' he said with his back turned.'Of course, mums the word.''I'm serious,' he said forcefully, turning around to face Sebastian again, with cold steel,or at least a similar sturdy non-precious metal, in his eyes. 'I hate those bastards, by Dick Ido, but I can't have word getting around that we passed out information on members, even ifit involved those pricks. Understand?''One hundred percent,' Sebastian affirmed with as much macho attitude as he couldmuster while wearing glowing pants.'Good, as long as we're clear on that.' He half-turned back to the terminal and tapped itonce, resulting in a beep from Sebastian's wrist one second later.Checking it and seeing the much desired address, which was in North London, Holbornto be exact, Sebastian gave a satisfied nod and turned his attention back to Lat who'd alreadygone back to his bench to resume his arse-kicking of gravity.143
'Great, well I think I'll be going then. I'm sure that if I get these trunks off within thenext five minutes I'll be able restore enough circulation to save at least one leg.'It was a wasted effort though as his reluctant host was already deep in concentrationand didn't seem able or willing to acknowledge the world around him.'How rude,' Sebastian thought, 'I'll be glad to see the back of this place. Actually, cometo think of it I just have, at least the upper part of it.' He let out a small guffaw at his own wit,gathering a few (more) odd looks from the other people in the vicinity. Becomingincreasingly self-conscious about his appearance and realising that his small joke aboutcirculation wasn't actually that far from the truth, he decided to make haste to the changingroom to slip into something infinitely more comfortable. Selecting the destination from theenvironment menu on his wrist, the glowing trail of footprints appeared on the floor in frontof him once again, making it easy to find his locker in the labyrinthine changing room.Ten minutes later he was back at the car with Halfie who was waiting patiently next tothe car with what looked like a small corner of a licence plate sticking out of the side of hismouth. As if realising that Sebastian was staring at his mouth, Halfie flicked out his tongueand scooped the small piece of metal into his mouth. With a few crunchy chews it was goneand Halfie went back to looking expectantly at Sebastian.'You're an odd dog, you know that don't you?'Halfie cocked his head to the side as if he was mulling over the assertion of his master,barked once and started panting happily.'But I love you, yes I dooo, I luvvy wuvvy youuuuu,' Sebastian said in baby-speakwhile scratching the curious canine vigorously behind the ears, much to the enjoyment of saidcanine. Hearing steps in the vicinity Sebastian immediately stopped his embarrassingbehaviour and straightened up, looking around to survey the potential damage to his streetcred. Luckily someone was just coming around the corner a second later, so no damage done.They both got into the car and after taking off Sebastian put his right hand on Halfieand said: 'Well buddy, I hope Vicky throws a good party with lots of grub, because we'll have144
to go straight there if we don't want to be late, and it won't do to bite the hand that feeds useh? But you know all about that, don't you? Don't you? Yes you doooo, yeees you doooo...'Realising that he'd once again sauntered into the land of inane voices he cut himselfshort immediately and decided to concentrate on flying.Chapter 13: Quite a WakeVictoria's house was located a fair distance north of London, in a small village calledBuntingford according to his wrist. Sebastian was rarely this far out from London, and flyingon manual he would have been lost without the navigation program; a fact he didn't like tothink too much about even if he'd long ago accepted the need to integrate at least some bits oftechnology into his life. Most people would look out the windows of their car and admire therolling hills and green fields, contrasting it against the horrible urban jungle from whencethey came. Not Sebastian. What could be more boring than living in the middle of this pollen-infested, no-man's land, waking up every day to random animal noises only to have theexperience completed by the smell of bovine digestive gases the moment you stuck your headout the window. No thanks, give me the vibrant city life with all its possibilities, ups, downs,heartbreaks and exhilarating experiences any day. Yes it could be dirty and dangerous, but atleast you were never more than two minutes away from a great coffee made by someone else.A subtle beep informed him that he was getting close to his destination and he startedlooking around for the house indicated on his wrist. All he could see was a giant mansion andno other buildings in the vicinity, and it took him a few moments to realise that the mansionwas in fact where he was going. He whistled appreciatively while starting to look around fora good place to land.'Good daaay to you Siiir,' came an incredibly posh voice from his car speakers.145
'Welcome to Jaeger House Mr. Pooooe, you've been expected. I can see that you preferto handle your vehicle yourself, so please park anywhere you like within the marked parkingzone.'Sebastian was impressed, this was the first time he'd experienced a building AI exhibitactual intelligence.'Hang on, how do you know who I am when I'm on manual?' he asked after coming tothe realisation.'You license plate Siiir,' came the dry reply.Oh, right. Low tech was still used once in a while then.The parking zone was clearly visible from the air and consisted of a semi-circle in frontof the house, with the front entrance as the center. More than twenty hover cars were neatlyparked in a single curved row, and in spite of this there was still plenty of room even if youwere on manual with a crippled hand. Setting the car down without too much trouble,Sebastian and Halfie got out and made their way to the grand entrance. On the way there henoticed that you couldn't see the parking zone lights from the ground. They must be recessedinto the ground. Nice touch.Arriving at the door he was about to knock when the door swung inwards and animmaculately dressed butler android appeared.'Mr. Poe,' it's head tilted slightly downwards, 'and companion. Do come in.'The door opened fully and they both stepped past the servo servant and into thehallway, which was several times bigger than Sebastian's office and tastefully decorated withobjects of art both new and old as far as he could tell. On both sides of the doors, stairscurved up and met at a smaller door a few meters up. Large open double-doors opposite theentrance led into an adjoining room full of people standing around chatting in subdued voiceswhile occasionally sipping from a glass or helping themselves to a snack from one of themany trays being unobtrusively carted around by small domestic robots. Excellent, he hadn'tarrived too late for the food. He was about to start towards the nearest tray when the butlermade a throat-clearing sound.146
'Sir's coat and hat?' he said encouragingly.Sebastian didn't like parting with the most iconic parts of his clothing but it might be abit inappropriate to refuse at a wake hosted by the person paying your bills, so he handed theitems over with only a token amount of seething resentment. Feeling naked he walked acrossthe hallway, through the double-doors and joined the crowd with Halfie running off to sniffthings. As soon as he entered Victoria appeared in front of him.'Sebastian, so glad you could make it,' she said with a small smile. 'Please help yourselfto some refreshments.'She moved close and put her head next to his as if she was going to kiss his cheek andwhispered: 'You might want to look around upstairs...'She drew back again, gave him another careful smile and turned to talk to heavy-setbearded man with a weirdly staring eye who'd been glaring at Sebastian with suspicion.Upstairs must be Franz' office, he'd have to go there later and check it out, but for nowhe was going to cruise the room and surreptitiously get an obscene amount of snacks in himwhile inspecting the crowd. Plotting a course optimised for maximum variety of food trays heset off, starting with what looked like a giant prawn stuffed into a ball of something pink andpured. Mmm, buffalo mozarella and tomato. This bode well for the ensuing snacking. Hewas halfway through it and heading towards a tray with an assortment of glazed mini-vegetables when he was suddenly obstructed by a woman in a very tight-fitting dress. Thecurrent fashion was to show some midriff, but in this instance it had been taken to theextreme and showed everything from a good deal south of the navel up to the last possiblemoment you'd have to start the fabric again if you didn't want an upside-down cleavage onyour hands. Now most men would love to have any kind of cleavage on their hands, but evenSebastian had to admit that this was pushing it considering the circumstances. The rest of theoutfit didn't help as it was equally frugal with the amount of fabric and the space between itand the wearer. In her defence, she had the body for it, and as Sebastian realised when hemanaged to raise his head sufficiently, a face to go with it. Sultry was the first word that cameto mind. Another thing most men had in common was the inclination to divide women into147
one of three groups: Not potential partner, sexual or otherwise; potential partner, she's lovely,I'd take her to meet my mum and might marry her; and lastly phwoar, I'd like some of that, ohyeah! You and me, hotel room, plastic sheets and 3 gallons of almond oil! She was definitelythe latter, and would in fact probably give most mothers a heart attack.'Well hello handsome, enjoying the...food?' she said with a husky voice that completedthe package.Sebastian coughed and straightened up trying to regain his composure. Swallowing theremaining shrimp he managed a suave: 'Eh yes, it's delicious,' and a weak smile. Stuckopposite a stunning woman, holding a decapitated crustacean buried in, by now crumbling,cheese, Sebastian felt a strong surge of social awkwardness, his brain shouting at him to saysomething, anything.'It's shrimp. In cheese,' he said meekly, displaying the object in question.'May I?' she inquired with raised eyebrows.'Eeeerghi?' Sebastian replied in the affirmative.She gently took hold of his wrist and wrapped her substantial lips around the snack andhis fingers, slowly pulling her head back until contact was broken with a wet suction noise.'You're right. Delicious,' she said after a few moments, licking a bit of cheese off hertop lip.Sebastian cleared his throat to break the spell and managed to activate enough braincells to formulate a coherent sentence.'Eh, hi, I'm Sebastian. And you are?''I'm Susan, the sister-in-law of poor, poor Franz.'The latter was delivered in a way which made it clear that she wasn't exactly up allnight crying about the loss.'You're Vickie's sister?' Sebastian said with incredulity.'Oh,Vickieis it? And how do you fit in, in all this? Judging by your clothes you're notone ofVickie'susual high-class friends. No offence.'148
'Non taken,' he replied, meaning it 100%. 'I'm a private eye investigating the death ofthe deceased as it happens.''Are you now? And does a big, strong privatedicklike you carry a weapon?' she said,moving a bit closer until they were almost touching.'Eh no, I hate guns actually.''Who's talking about guns?' she replied and firmly grabbed the part of his anatomy mostsensitive to grabbing.Sebastian almost squealed in surprise and seemed incapable of coming up with areaction to this very unexpected turn of events.'Are you alright?' a voice to the right of him inquired.Turning his head he saw Angela standing there with a worried expression on her face.'You look awfully pale Sebastian, are you feeling unwell?'Susan had also turned to look at the interloper and was giving her the female elevator-look of competition appraisal. Mercifully she also let go of his parts most private in theprocess, thereby handing Sebastian a modicum of his faculties back.'Angela! Hi! I...I think I just had a dodgy bit of shrimp there or something else thatdisagreed with me, but I'm already starting to feel better,' he smiled wanly.'Oh ok, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt...,' she said apologetically.Susan, having apparently finished her appraisal and deemed it either too much effort ornot worth the effort, quickly cut her off.'Don't worry your pretty little head professor, I was just going to powder my noseanyway, he's all yours.'Turning to Sebastian, she leaned in and gave him a bit wet kiss on the cheek andwhispered: 'I hope to see more of you later...'Then with a wink she moved away, using her substantial curves to full effect in theprocess.149
It was only when Angela cleared her throat that Sebastian noticed he'd been staring ather... well exit as it were. He quickly turned his attention back to Angela with what he hopedwas a casual smile37'Can you believe she's Victoria's sister?' he exacerbated his predicament.'Yeah I know, like two peas in very dissimilar pods aren't they,' she replied, apparentlytoo nice to let him squirm. 'According to Franz she's quite the man-eater apparently, althoughI find it difficult to believe that men actually fall for something that obvious.''Yeah, ridiculous isn't it,' Sebastian chimed in, throwing in a few tut's and a scoff forgood measure. 'But enough about her, how are you holding up?''I'm ok thanks. The funeral was a bit tough though. I don't think I had fully acceptedthat Franz was dead until I saw the urn, but he's really gone isn't he?''Afraid so,' Sebastian answered the rhetorical question. 'All you can do now is try toremember all the good times and hope that the people responsible are caught and brought tojustice.''How is that going by the way?''It's...progressing I'd say. No breakthrough yet but I still have a few leads. I can't reallytell you anything specific, but I think you need to watch yourself at that company.''What, at Tinycorp? You think Victoria is right and they're behind all this? I still findthat hard to believe. What proof do you have?''Like I said, I can't tell you any specifics yet, just give you some friendly advice.'She furrowed her brow and looked at him with obvious scepticism. After a fewmoments the expression was replaced by a look of extreme tiredness as she looked away.Sebastian put a hand on her shoulder, quickly shaking off a small piece of shrimp enroute, and gave it a comforting squeeze.37.When men are caught in the act of staring at other women they will always attemptto appear nonchalant about it and therefore smile the casual smile. Unbeknownst to most menthough, it is physically impossible to pull this off with any convincing effect, and the smilewillalways, without exception, just look goofy.150
'Look, why don't you go home and relax, maybe take a few days off work just to besafe. I promise you I'll keep you informed if...whenI find anything solid. Agreed?'She sighed, but when she looked back up at him the tiredness was replaced by adisciplined resolve. Sebastian didn't know this, but it was the kind of resolve you needed tocultivate to survive the years of studying for exams at universities38.'I will not just go home and wallow in self pity, that won't do anyone any good, andbesides, Franz would have wanted me to get right back to work.' She moved a bit closer andadded in a hushed tone: 'I'll also keep my eyes and ears open for anything out of the ordinary.You need someone on the inside to prove or disprove your suspicions.''Angela, no!' Sebastian said firmly. 'Donotgo poking around at Tinycorp, these peopleare not to be trifled with. Leave it to me, I'm the professional!''You just try and stop me Dick Tracy!' she shouted and whispered at the same time,eyes flashing, and poked Sebastian in the chest with her index finger. Then she walked off.For fucks sake, not only was he trying to stay alive while solving this high profile, andlet's face it, fairly complicated case, now he also had to worry about her! He'd probably endup having to save her in the nick of time at some future point, right before some bigexplosion. Yeah...Realising he was staring off into space with a stupid grin on his face daydreamingagain, he pulled himself out of it and looked around quickly to see if anyone had noticed. Hiseye quickly caught that of the strange man talking to Victoria earlier. He looked like a realhard-case, and his weird eyes were once again fixed on Sebastian, who grabbed a glass froma nearby tray and saluted him. He didn't flinch, but just kept staring. Freak. Maybe it wastime for him to take a look around upstairs as Vickie had suggested.38.Unless of course you were studying arts or social sciences, in which case youmostly needed to cultivate a strong liver and a tolerance for tediousness. Just kidding. But no,really.151
'Come on boy,' he said and patted his leg. When he didn't hear any response he lookedaround, but could see no sign of Halfie. Where had that damn mechanical mutt gone off tonow? Probably eating cutlery in the kitchen or something like that. He'd find him later.Grabbing another exotic-looking piece of food from a tray for the road he movedthrough the crowd towards the hallway. More people had arrived by now, all of them lookingmore like socialites than scientists, making them more likely to be Vickie's friends thanfriends of the deceased. Arriving at the entrance hall he ascended the large curving staircaseto the first floor and opened the door at the top. It led to a long wide corridor lined with doorson both sides. The first one on the left was easily identified as it had the word "WC" writtenon it in calligraphic letters, but the rest of them didn't bear any distinguishing marks whichwas not surprising as this was a home and the inhabitants probably knew their way around.The door opposite was a supplies closet and the next two doors looked like bedrooms; hegave them all a miss. It was an office he was after.The third door on the left was slightly ajar, and as he pushed it open he heard a faintmetallic *snick* from inside the room, as of a big lock engaging. Having opened the doorfully he found himself in what looked like what he'd been after, a small office with a terminaland various high-tech knick-knacks scattered throughout the room. In the far, right cornerwas what seemed to be a glass door and in front of it, tongue lolling to one side, stood Halfie.'There you are! What on earth are you doing in here boy?'Halfie just cocked his head to one side and then proceeded to scratch himself behind theears.'Were you in that other room?' he continued his pointless questioning while walkingover to join Halfie by the glass door. It had a massive locking mechanism on it, and anequally impressive security panel requiring multiple authentication inputs to grant access.The sound he'd heard could have been this door closing, but that was ridiculous, Halfie wasclever, but there was no way he'd be able to get in there. Remembering to check for theobvious he gave the door handle a good shake, but it was like pulling a handle mounted onthe surface of a building. Putting his face close to the glass and squinting, he could see a152
small dark room, partly lit by a large amount of electronics, from which he could hear a lowhum even out here. That was probably the server room and where he really wanted to go, butchances were that it was just as secure as his lab at Tinycorp. Hopefully Vickie could helphim get access.Deciding to find out what he could from the room he actually had access to, he scannedthe room a bit more thoroughly. The sight really made him long for the good old days whenan office would be littered with stacks of paper and filing cabinets with files and pictureswhere you needed to sift through it all to find that crucial clue attached to an old newspaperclipping. Or ideally, taped underneath a drawer, now that was the dream! As it were therewasn't a single piece of paper in the room, just a lot of electronics and a terminal. Sebastianhad no idea what any of the gadgetry was for and therefore sat down in front of the terminalwith a resigned sigh, preparing himself for failing to extract anything useful.Hitting the keyboard the screen came to life and presented him with a login window,where the user name was pre-populated with the letters "fj". Right Franzie-boy, what kind ofpassword would you have? Probably something ultra secure with twenty characters, all amixture of upper-case, lower-case, numbers, symbols and hieroglyphs. Or maybe not? Maybethis was his home computer where he felt safe and where he didn't see the need to use acomplicated security, and in that case the password would be something ridiculously simple.How about, "nerd", Sebastian thought and immediately keyed in, most of all to vent his ownfrustration with his predicament.To his own amazement the login screen disappeared and he was shown a desktop withmultiple icons on it. Hovering his index finger in front of the screen, using it as a pointingdevice, he started going through the various applications, folder and files. Most of theapplications scared him with their complexity the moment they opened up and he quicklyclosed them down again. The files on here were mostly private and had nothing to do withwork, but it was good to know hehadhad a life outside work. Saving the best for last heselected the e-mail application and started going through his messages, starting with the mostrecent ones. Most of them seemed to be relating to other nerdy hobbies and communications153
with like-minded people, mixed with promotion emails from companies wanting to sell himmore gadgets. One e-mail stood out all of a sudden, from someone calledgov_ntt@whizmail.com. Whizmail was an anonymous e-mail service, so this could beanyone, but the content was very interesting."Have received your details on TC transgressions. Ready to move soon,but need more time. Extreme caution advised. We will contact you soon.Thatcher"Sounds like Vickie was right, Franz had uncovered the shady dealings of Tinycorp andwas working with some government body to expose them. The message was more than aweek old which could only mean that the premature death of the good professor had probablyhalted the whole thing, since nothing had happened. Sebastian leaned back in the chairputting his hands behind his head, trying to work out where this left him. He knew the twinsworked for Tinycorp and he knew they were the ones who shot Franz outside that bar inFulham. He also knew now that Franz seemed to have been looking into what was probablyillegal activities inside Tinycorp, but that those plans never came to fruition. The problemwas that he didn't have any proof of any of this. The e-mail was worthless as proof and theold duffer who saw the murder wasn't the most reliable witness, plus he'd promised not tomention him to anyone and he should really keep that promise. He still had the address of thetwins to look into, but odds were that it was a dead-end.'Finding anything interesting?' a female voice came from behind him. Giving Halfie,the worst guard-dog in existence, a reproachful look Sebastian spun around on the chair tocome face to face with Vickie who was leaning casually and elegantly against the door-framewith a sly smile on her luscious lips.'As a matter of fact I am,' Sebastian glibly answered, in his own view matching hercasualness39.Victoria's eyes looked over Sebastian's shoulder and saw the terminal window.154
'You got into his terminal! How on earth did you do that?' she exclaimed with shockand surprise.'I'm not completely inept in the world of high-tech gadgetry you know. I have mymethods, and by applying my skills, delicately mind you, I managed to circumvent your latehusband's Cerberus-like security measures.''You guessed his password?''Yes. Yes I did.''Well? What did you find?'Sebastian told her what he'd found and his own masterful deductions based on theinformation at hand.'I knew it! Didn't I tell you? Didn't I? Thosemonstershad my darling killed because heknew too much and was going to expose them!' she half-shouted in anger.'Well yes, it would seem so, not that I ever doubted you Vickie. The only problem isthat we have no proof, none at all. Unless you can get me into his server room over there?' hesaid, indicating the glass door in the corner with his thumb.Victoria sighed and closed her eyes briefly.'No, he put extraordinary security on that door and the walls. I'm sure I'll get in thereeventually at great cost, but I just haven't had the strength to organise it.''I understand completely, and I might not be able to find anything even if I do getaccess, but there's bound to be more information on what he'd uncovered somewhere Also, heuploaded a lot of information just before he died, and I assume that would have been to aserver in there?.''Yes, certainly nothing out here, he was very paranoid about his data. The policepestered me about that as well,' she said looking annoyed. 'So what are you going to do now?'39.Yes, this is a word. Not sure if it should be though.155
'I've got another lead on the killers and hopefully that'll pay off. I've also gotten someinside help, albeit dubious. Weird help is better than no help at all is what I always saythough, wouldn't you agree?''I...I guess. Who is this inside help? You mean at Tinycorp?''Yes, but it's probably better that you don't know any details. Plausible deniability andall that.''I see. You're probably right,' she replied slowly looking a bit uncertain.There was a lull in the conversation which immediately made Sebastian feeluncomfortable, so he jumped out of the chair, wanting to appear energetic, but only managedto startle Victoria who'd been unprepared for the sudden, spasm-like movement.'I better be off then. Thank you very much for your hospitality, and expect to hear fromme very soon.''I am, in fact I'm expecting another report tonight,' she quickly replied, raising hereyebrows.'Of course you are,' Sebastian smiled ingratiatingly and proceeded to exit the room.This was made slightly awkward by the fact that Victoria was still standing in the dooropening and didn't seem inclined to move out of the way. There was enough room for him tosqueeze by, but not without brushing against her and becoming intensely aware of her smell,which was intoxicating. Becoming aware that he was almost hovering in the opening, he gavehimself a mental slap and went fully into the corridor.Getting his coat and hat from the bionic butler Sebastian and Halfie left the mansionand went back to his car. By now even more people had arrived, no doubt drawn by the freefood and drink and the opportunity to hobnob more so than for their affection for thedeceased whose social life had just been confirmed to be extremely limited after reading hise-mails.By now it was late afternoon and the few snacks he'd managed to scoff, before beinginterrupted by the sexual force of nature that was Vickie's sister, had done nothing to fill himup. A quick pit-stop at Hong's was required before moving on to the twins' flat in Holborn.156
He was a bit wary of going as there was a small chance they'd still be there. Sebastian was nocoward, but he hated guns and never carried one, so he'd be screwed if he ran into them.Come to think of it, even unarmed they'd be able to twist him into the shape of a pretzel, somaybe the weapons weren't the biggest problem. He'd be alright, he had Halfie, the killerterrier to defend him.Chapter 14: Eye of the BeholderNyala had the evening off so Sebastian managed to get his meal without any hassleabout payment, as Will didn't really care. The result was a detective with fully rechargedstarch-batteries, ready to take on the world, or in this case a flat in Holborn which might ormight not contain two homicidal and heavily armed freaks. He was feeling positive thoughand by going after dark, the time when most bad guys did their dastardly deeds, odds werethat they wouldn't be at home. The building had its own parking, but it was never a good ideato park in the building where you were about to break into a flat, so he chose a nearby publicparking tower and walked the rest of the way. If the twins were making a lot of moneyworking for Tinycorp, it certainly didn't show in their choice of accommodation as thebuilding was extremely dilapidated, and didn't even have a porter at the door. This was abonus as Sebastian wouldn't have to blag or bribe someone to gain entry. The address saidapartment 1214, so taking the stairs was definitely out as anything past three floors wouldprobably give him cardiac arrest40. Only one lift was in service, which was testament to whata shit-hole this place was. Sebastian got in and pressed 12. As the lift ascended, a gratingfemale voice was announcing the floors as they went by: 'First, Second, Third, Fourth, Sixth,Eighth...''Hang on,' Sebastian said out loud. 'That's not right.'40.Is as cardiac arrest also what the police makes when someone has committed acrime of passion?157
'Tenth, Twelfth...You have arrived,' it announced sounding very indifferent about thematter.The door opened and he could immediately see that it had indeed miscounted and theywere in fact on the eighth floor. Slightly annoyed he pressed the 12 button again, only to beinformed that: 'You are already on the twelfth floor.''Like hell I am!' Sebastian shouted. Right, calm down, it was just skipping somenumbers, so if he pressed 20 it should give him four more floors. He pressed 20 and the liftwent up.'Fourteenth, Sixteenth, Eighteenth, Twentieth...You have arrived,' it droned on andstopped with a soft *ping*.The door opened and Sebastian was faced with a big sign reading 24.For. Fuck's. Sake.Twenty minutes later Sebastian's pulse was equivalent to that of a 100m sprinter after arace, his face was flushed, he was screaming incoherently at the panel of buttons and yet theclosest he had gotten to the 12th floor was the initial 8th. He was not one for giving up a fightwith a computer, but he had a job to do and this was going nowhere. Accepting defeat he gotout on the eighth floor (morosely announced as the 16th floor this time) and started theOlympian task of walking up four flights of stairs.The effort did nothing to reduce his pulse or indeed the redness of his face, but as anadded bonus he was now sweating profusely as well and didn't have enough breath in hislungs to swear. He had finally arrived on the 12th floor and was now stumbling along thecorridor, using the walls for support. It was just one long row of doors on both sides andapartment 1214 followed 1212 predictably. There was still a chance that they were home andthey probably knew who he was, so he'd have to be careful. He put his ear against the doorand listened for a minute, didn't hear anything and decided it was probably fine. Any thoughtsof what would happen to him if he were to break in and find them at home were quickly putto one side as he activated the special wrist program Calvin had made for him. It wouldunlock any door only secured by the standard wrist proximity sensor, and in this crap flat he'd158
be very surprised if they had more security than that. Furthermore, the hunter rarely expectsto be hunted. After about ten seconds of his wrist flashing numbers on the screen an audibleclick was heard from the door, and slowly Sebastian pushed it open.Immediately he was hit on the head with...no, just kidding, the place was empty.Completely empty in fact. He went straight into a small livingroom, which had an open doorto a tiny bathroom first thing to the right. Like most cheap living spaces in the city there wasno kitchen as people mostly had insta-meals or ate out. It also seemed like there there was nobedroom or any other room for that matter. The twins were many things, but you couldn't saythey were picky when it came to their living space, and more pressingly they were also notliving here any more, if in fact they ever had, come to think if it. This could just have been afalse address. Not very likely though as the address possibly predated their work at Tinycorp.The disappointment was almost too much. He had so been looking forward to riflingthrough stuff looking for clues, and now this. Nada. Zip. Zilch. He wanted to cry but was toomanly to. Well, he was here now, so he might as well take a look around. Should take all oftwo minutes.He walked around the edge of the carpeted room, looking for markings on the wall orstuff on the floor, but found nothing out of the ordinary. That left the minuscule bathroom, infact he was surprised the twins could get their massive frames in here. Not at the same timethat was for sure. It consisted of a small sink with a mirrored cabinet above it, a toilet and ashower-head. All of these were in such close proximity to each other that you could actuallyshit, shower and shave at the same time. Convenient. The cabinet was empty, no surprisethere. Running his fingers along the top and sides of it revealed nothing, but when he did thesame on the underside his fingers came across what felt like a small piece of sellotape stuckto it. Bending down to inspect it, it did indeed look like a piece of tape and using the nail onhis left thumb it also felt like it as he slowly ripped it off. Strange, once off it wasn't stickyany more and it seemed a bit thicker than tape; more like a small piece of plastic. The placewhere it had been stuck wasn't sticky either. On a hunch he took the small piece and held itclose to the side of the cabinet where it proceeded to stick itself to it. Well I'll be damned,159
magnetic plastic. That can't be normal. Knowing nothing about science and next to nothingabout technology he'd have to get some expert input though, which meant paying a visit toCalvin. It was a long-shot but as there was fuck-all else to go on he'd have to take it. At leastleaving the place as he'd found it was not hard, so he just left the flat after quickly checkingthat the corridor was empty, and walked casually back to the lift, praying that it at least couldfigure out how to get to the ground level. Mercifully it did and he made it all the way back tothe car without incident.Calvin's shop was located on the third floor of a building in a decent part of TottenhamCourt Road, along with 90% of the city's other electronic wares dealers. Shop was probablytoo grand a name for what it was, namely a large flat which looked like the place circuit-boards went to die. Sebastian assumed that Calvin slept like most people, but whenever heshowed up at his place he was there working on something, buried hip-deep in wires, cablesand computers, be it in the middle of the night or any other time. This was also the case thistime, and Sebastian only had to wait two seconds after telling Calvin's name to the buildingAI before a well known voice sounded from a speaker by the door.'Poe old buddy, come right up!'The door to the building slid open and Sebastian entered. Moments later he was sittingopposite Calvin at a messy desk, Calvin wearing an implausibly big magnifying glass on hisforehead, intensely scrutinizing the small piece of plastic he'd been given.'Fascinating, if this is what I think it is, I've never seen one before but I've heard ofthem,' he said utterly engrossed in the task at hand.'And what is it then?''Well it's basically a calling card for spy's to put it crudely. It's magnetic to allow it tobe easily hidden in hard to see places, and it contains nano-agents which will enter your bodywhen you touch it, interface with whatever communication device you have in you and placea call to whoever made the strip. That call will most likely be to an unlisted and untraceable160
number,' he finished and took off the magnifying glass, probably to avoid the risk of seriousneck injuries.'But I touched it and so have you just and no call was placed,' Sebastian protested.'True, that is because at the same time, it is programmed with a certain genetic code andwill only interface with that exact code. In your case there is also the added obstacle that youinsist on that external wrist, leaving the nano's with nothing to interface with.''So now I've got small machines in me perpetually roaming my body in search ofsomething to talk to?' Sebastian asked indignantly.'Afraid so, but they'll die very quickly and then leave your body though normalchannels. No worries.''Who's worried? Ilovetechnology, you know that, and what could be better than theknowledge of tiny robot corpses floating around inside me?' he said tersely.'Still the good old paranoid Poe,' Calvin chuckled. 'I missed you!''I'm not paranoid, theyareout to get me,' he grinned in response.'So now what, we're stuck? I guess we can't find out what that number is?'This time it was Calvin's turn to put on a big grin. 'As I'm sure you know, or at leastsuspect,anythingcan be hacked, and you're with the master. Give me a moment.'He took the strip and went over to what looked like a microscope on steroids with wiresattached to it in a multitude of places, placing the strip in the centre of it. Next to it was aterminal on which he started tapping away at a frantic pace. It hadn't been more than a minuteor two before he exclaimed: 'Yeah, thought as much. Piece o' piss. Want to place the call?''You got it already? What crappy kind of security is that?''Poe, I'm hurt. This is state of the art stuff, it's just that I'm exceptionally talented! It wassimply a case of reverse-engineering the DNA receptors of the...''Never mind,' Sebastian interrupted him. 'I prostrate myself in the presence of yoursuperior skills, but please don't try and explain it to me. Let's make the call, but can you besure it won't be traced back to you? I don't want you to get in trouble and these are some veryserious individuals we're dealing with.'161
'You're talking to a pro here Poe, if anybody tries to trace this they'll only come up withan address somewhere in Cambodia, don't you worry. Ready?''Sure, hit it.'Calvin tapped a key and waited. Nothing happened immediately, but after about tenseconds a digitally distorted voice said: 'Yes?''I've forgotten my last orders, could you repeat them please?' Sebastian said hopefully.The connection was cut immediately.'Shit,' Sebastian said. 'My clever ploy didn't work. I'm pretty sure I know where therecipient is located, but you can trace it for me can't you?''Well yes, but it'll take ages, it's not called "untraceable" for nothing you now.''How long?''Two days. Maybe less.''Fuck, that long? Ok, I guess I'll have to wait, it's only my last and only lead in thisbastard of a case,' he sighed while pushing his hat up with his injured hand.'What happened to your hand?' Calvin asked, furrowing his brow at the sight of thepolymer-encased hand.'Oh that? Nothing much, just had it crushed to bits by an army-issue bionic hand.''You're kidding? What did you do to wind up in that situation?'Sebastian didn't really want to relive this, frankly embarrassing, episode in hisinvestigation, but since he was stuck anyway he might as well regale the whole sordid tale.Calvin looked deep in thought for a few moments after Sebastian finished.'So this guy saw the whole thing happen?''Yeah.''And you say he had a bionic arm as well as one eye, is that right?''Yes?''Army issue?''Yes, Calvin, where are you going with this?'162
'Well if he saw the whole thing and he has a military issue bionic eye, you could justplay back what the eye recorded and you'd have your proof wouldn't you?''The eye...records?''Of course it does, it's military. I think it has something like a month's worth of bufferspace and it's continually recording. Very handy for mission debriefings.'Sebastian stared at him in disbelief for a few moments before shouting "FUUUCK!"and running out the door.This was it, the big break. With that footage of the two goons he could link the murderto Tinycorp and bish-bash-bosh the case was pretty much solved. Why the hell hadn't the oldcoot told him he was recording? He probably didn't even know the poor fool, it's not like themilitary had a record of divulging excessive amounts of information.He stormed back to his car and went straight for The Cock41. Archie wasn't there, butafter a few threats of grievous bodily harm and a good deal of kilos he managed to get theaddress from the amorphous blob of a bartender. It was just a hundred meters up North EndRoad and Sebastian ran there as fast as he could, ignoring the yells and lewd propositions ofthe human refuse littering the area.Detective Sam Lowry was surveying the room, and it was a mess. Someone had gonethrough every single drawer and wardrobe in the room with a vengeance, emptyingeverything onto the floor. They'd received a call 30 minutes ago from a concerned neighborwho said that she'd heard screaming and loud noises from next door. Normally that wouldn'tmean much in London, but as this whole building was populated with ex-governmentemployees who were now retired, it was deemed worth a look. And sure enough, someonehad indeed had it in for the old guy lying on the floor in the middle of the room. He had towait for forensics to know for sure but from what he could see, his windpipe had beencrushed, which was a nasty way to go. From the way the place had been ransacked one could41.*titter*163
easily jump to the conclusion that this was a burglary with a nasty ending, but then one wouldhave been ignoring the one thing in the room that was very obviously missing: The right eyeof the victim. Sick.'Francis, where the hell is the forensics team? I requested them ages ago!' he shouted ata young queasy-looking constable standing by the door.'I'm sorry Sir, I don't know Sir, I'll just check Sir,' he rambled nervously and tapped hiswrist repeatedly, probably grateful for the distraction.Out in the corridor Sam could all of a sudden hear running feet approaching,accompanied by what sounded like a chant of "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no...". Thevolume of both increased steadily until all of a sudden the familiar face of Sebastian Poeappeared in the doorway.'No! Fuck me, no!' he shouted at the sight of Archie lying dead and maimed on thefloor, a look of both outrage and frustration on his face.'Well hello Mr. Poe, might I ask what you're doing at my crime scene?' Sam asked.Sebastian looked up at him with a blank stare, apparently not recognizing him. After awhile he blinked and seemed to regain senses he had momentarily lost.'Sam. Hi. I... He had some information I desperately needed,' he replied wearily with anod towards the recently deceased.'So you knew him?''Yes, barely, I spoke to him once before. He saw Franz Jaeger being shot while sittingin the pub opposite the terminal where it all happened.'Sam raised his eyebrows.'You found an actual witness? Why didn't you inform me?''Look, Sam, he was just an old, scared duffer who wanted to live the rest of his lifequietly, and if it wasn't for the fact that he owed my after crushing my hand I probably neverwould have found out that he saw the whole thing.''Crushing your hand...? Actually never mind, you still should have told me. We couldhave protected him damnit!' he said angrily.164
'Protected him? The police? Well I've got three things to say to that: Firstly, the lastplace I'd place someone who might be wanted dead by a major corporation is with the police,no offense, secondly, I didn't think he'd be in danger as I didn't tell anyone about him and theonly ones who saw us talking were drunks, and lastly and most importantly, I gave him myword I wouldn't tell anyone,' he finished with a hard stare that brokered no argument.Sam returned the stare for a few moments before looking down while pinching thebridge of his nose.'Ok, alright... fine. You may have a point there, but I would still have liked to havetalked to him. What information did he have then that you didn't get the first time around?''What's the one thing very obviously missing in this room?'Sam's gaze flicked to Archie's dead body and back to Sebastian. 'What, the eye? Whatinformation could you possibly get from his bloody eye?''Look again,' Sebastian urged him.Sam did, studying the body in more detail. The right arm had been further damaged inthe struggle and whole patches of skin had fallen off, revealing the nature of it. His attentionshifted to the scarred right side of the face and then it clicked.'The eye was artificial wasn't it?''Yup.''And it recorded the murder didn't it?''Probably.''Damnit Sebastian, why the hell didn't you get him to give you the footage the first timearound?' he shouted in frustration.'I didn't know the sodding thing was recording did I?''What do you mean you didn't know, every child knows that bionic eyes record,especially military ones! Hell, there's even a programme on the network calledJournals of aBionic Eye!' he half-shouted.165
'Wellexcuuuuuseme for not being a complete technophile or spending my lifewatching the coma aquarium! I didn't know ok?' Sebastian matched the half-shout and raisedhim a quarter-shout.They both seethed in quiet frustration for half a minute before Sam broke the silence.'Can't be helped now anyway, that's for sure. I just hope this wasn't your only lead.'He looked up at Sebastian and could see the answer written clearly on his face.'That bad eh?''Afraid so,' he replied dejectedly. I know it was Tinycorp who did it, I just can't proveit.'Welcome to my world Mr. Private Eye...'They shared another moment of silence, although this time there was no seethinginvolving, just good old fashioned depression.'Look, the forensic team will be here soon and if I can avoid it I'd rather not have toexplain your presence here, so please get out of here now. I'll let you know if we findanything of interest, but I wouldn't hold my breath,' Sam said quietly.Sebastian didn't say anything, but after a moment he turned around and walked out thedoor, followed by Halfie who seemed to detect the mood of his master and padded silentlyand softly in his wake. The walk back to the car was very slow and Sebastian didn't even hearthe jeers and offers from the addicts and purveyors of dubious goods and services he passedalong the way. He flew straight home, went to Hong's and bought two bottles of Smirnonvodka, which he proceeded to drink in solitude, sitting at his desk. A bottle and a half later hewas sound asleep, face down on the sofa.Chapter 15: Uncomfortably NumbThe small room was extremely cramped. It was designed to house one person, just, andwith three more people in there any notion of personal space was gone. The fact the one ofthe added people should count for two if you went by volume, didn't help matters. The two166
chairs were taken by John and Jerry, leaving Bruno and Lars to stand up in the narrow spacebetween the table and the wall. This had the unfortunate result of bringing John and Jerry'sfaces at the same level as the crotches of their compadres, which was awkward at best.Making the situation worse was Bruno's choice to wear skin-tight trousers on this occasion,bringing to everyone's attention, and especially the seated individuals, the apparentlyproportional size of his member. It was either that or he was keeping an extra pair of socksdown there. Trying his best to avoid the uncomfortably close proximity to Bruno's meat andveg, John cleared his throat and initiated the meeting.'Right, ahhhhrrrrrm, thank you all for coming at such short notice. I thought it was timeto have a status update and in the light of the seriousness of the situation I thought it best notto have any more meetings at work. I hope you all agree?'There was nodding and murmured agreement.'So I guess I might as well start with myself. I've tried to get access to the lab, but it'sbeen impossible. There's only one door in there and my clearance isn't high enough. What Ihaveseen though is a ton of people going back and forth to the lab with various bits ofmachines, so I can only assume they're hard at work to get into Dr. Jaeger's lab. No clue howthey're doing. Anyone else found out anything?' he asked, looking around questioningly.'Well I've seen the twins a lot lately,' Bruno offered. ' They used to come around oncemaybe twice a week but these past two days I've seen them a few times. Impossible to tellwhat's going on though, what with them always wearing sunglasses and never displayinganything resembling human emotion. I've also tried getting more information on them, butthere's nothing in the system and nobody seems to know anything.''And you Jerry? You're probably the one with the most access. Have you found outwhat Dr. Jaeger was working on, if he'd found some dirty secrets or how far along they arewith the lab door?' John urged.Jerry made a circle with his right thumb and index finger.'That's what I've found. Niente, nichts, nada. Whatever they're doing it's not recordedanywhere in the internal systems. The same goes for progress on the lab. I've found the work167
orders and personnel assignments, but in the progress report it just refers to our CEO andwe're not planning on asking him are we?''Of course not, that would be stupid,' John answered the rhetorical question.'Would it?' Jerry retorted.'Yes, extremely so!''Extremely so?''Yes!''Really?''Yes!''Really really?' Jerry continued, now starting to have a little annoying smirk at thecorners of his mouth.Bruno smacked the back of his head gently. 'Not now Jerry, save it for the baddies.'Jerry grinned at John who'd only just realised what was happening. 'Sorry mate, it justcomes naturally you know?''Yes, well, try to reign it in ok? We're trying to find killers here,' John saidreproachfully. 'By the way, did you do that thing we talked about, just in case we need tomove fast?''Yeah, done and dusted, no sweat. I don't even think they'll notice the difference.''Very good. That still leaves us with pretty much nothing to offer Sebastian as help.Unless you've found something Lars?' he said without much hope in his voice as he looked atthe person in question. With him working in the kitchen, being of limited intelligence andhaving the most rubbish powers in everybody's opinion (unspoken of course), theexpectations were set extremely low.'Unfortunately not guys. I was hoping and trying to be assigned to the team that bringsfood to the lab guys working on Jaeger's door, but no go unfortunately. My boss thinks Imake the food too salty so he doesn't like me.''Oh ok, too bad,' John said matter-of-factly, not having expected anything in the firstplace.168
'And it wouldn't have helped much anyway since we don't have to deliver food anymore after tomorrow, so I wouldn't have had a lot of time to find out anything,' Lars added.'Why not?' John asked looking puzzled.'Oh, they told us they'd be gone, that's all I know,' Lars said with a beats-me expressionon his face.Everyone else in room looked at each other in disbelief.'What?' Lars asked, looking confused.'What do you mean "what"? It's pretty damn obvious isn't it?' John said, not even tryingto hide the frustration in his voice. 'If the people working on the door are leaving tomorrow itmust mean that they intend tofinishtomorrow, see?!'Lars looked at him for a few moments before his face lighted up in revelation.'Ooooooh! I see now, very clever!' he grinned while tapping the right side of his nose with hisright index finger.'No, not really, not if you're above the age of five!' John almost screamed.This did nothing to wipe away Lars' grin as he was obviously in a world of his own.Sometimes John wished they could be a bit more selective in their membership criteria,but unfortunately mutants didn't grow on trees so they'd have to make do with what they weregiven, even if that meant having a dim-witted member whose only ability was to make thingssmell like a fry-up. He let out a deep breath before continuing.'Right, this is big, we have to go tell Sebastian.''Can't you just send him a message?' Bruno inquired.'No, I don't want to risk sending anything on the net, who knows who might belistening in. We'll have to go to his office. Come on, if we leave now it shouldn't be morethan a few hours by train.''By train? Aww come on John,' Jerry whined, 'if we take a cab it'll only be 20 minutes.''What am I? Made of money? I need all the income I can get and I can't waste whatlittle I have on needless extravagances like cabs.'169
'Tell you what then, I'll pay alright? I really can't be arsed with spending hours on atrain.''Ok. Sure. If that's what you want to do then fine,' John snapped in a tone of voiceusually only heard from annoyed wives after they've given in to another of their husbands'stupid fancies. He then stood up and obviously wanted to stomp out of the room in a huff, butquickly found himself trapped by the table and the mere physical presence of his compatriots.Not wanting to resort to asking people to move as that always somewhat tars a good huff, heinstead proceeded to squeeze between Bruno and the table, opting for arse against groinrather than groin against groin action. Within seconds he became intensely aware that beingat eye-height with Bruno's privates was nowhere near as awkward and uncomfortable asrubbing you posterior against them, and as it felt as if he'd gotten stuck halfway he panickedand started flailing wildly to get past. Bruno watched this with interest for a moment or twobefore giving him a small shove, sending him flying into the door where he crumbled to thefloor. Immediately he stood up and glowered at them all, daring them to laugh. Apparentlysatisfied he finished his huff by leaving the room and attempting to slam the door whichunfortunately resulted in the door opening again as thin polymer doors didn't really lendthemselves to slamming. One unwise decision later he was repeatedly slamming the doortrying to make it stay shut, until he finally gave up and closed it quietly.The room was silent while Jerry, Bruno and Lars just exchanged glances. After a fewseconds they couldn't hold it in any longer and all cracked up.As Jerry had predicted it was a relatively short trip by cab and less than half an hourhad passed when they entered Sebastian's office. Gladys was sitting at her desk as theyentered.'Eh, hello again,' John said. 'We realise it's a bit late but is Sebastian in his office?''Yes he is, but I'm afraid he's indisposed at the moment,' she replied.'Oh, he's with a client?''No.'170
'A woman?' Jerry interjected with a lewd smile.'No, he's alone in there, but not in any state to talk to anyone I'm afraid. I've tried andfailed.''What's wrong with him then, is he injured?' John persisted.'No, just very, very,verydrunk.''Drunk? Why?''I haven't the faintest idea, he won't talk to me.'John felt a bit lost and looked around at the others for support. They all gave him a nod.'Well it's very important that we talk to him, a matter of life and death in fact,' he saidas authoritatively as he could manage. 'So you'll have to let us in.''Ok, but don't expect any sensible response, I certainly didn't get any...'John was so surprised that his new-found assertiveness had paid off, that he was alreadyformulating his follow-up argument when he realised she had agreed.'Oh...right. We'll just... go in then?'Gladys held out one arm toward the door to Sebastian's office.'Right,' John concluded and led the group to the door.There was nobody at the desk, but as they entered fully they could see the lifeless formof something resembling a tumble-dried human on the sofa lying face down with his righthand wrapped around an almost empty bottle of clear liquid. A few feet away on the floorwas another similar looking bottle, this one empty.John cleared his throat. No reaction. He cleared it again, a lot louder. Still no reaction.He continued clearing his throat, making it sound like someone was trying to manually startan old chainsaw with limited success. After about ten seconds of this Bruno gave him a smallslap on the arm as he moved past and kneeled down next to the sofa.'Enough already with the throat clearing, he's obviously not hearing it!'Gently at first he put a hand on Sebastian's shoulder and shook him, calling his name,but when no answer was forthcoming he started increasing the intensity until the whole sofawas shaking. Suddenly Sebastian's upper body jerked upwards, taking his right arm holding171
the bottle with it. The bottle hit Bruno on the chin, snapping his heads backwards and makinghim pass out cold on the floor. Sebastian was now sitting up, looking extremely dazed andconfused. After blinking slowly a few times, he spotted Bruno on the floor, looked up at thethree other visitors and then back down at Bruno.'Wasse doin onne floor?' he slurred.'You hit him with your bottle when you woke up,' John replied.Sebastian seemed to mull this over for a few moments, continually shifting his gazefrom Bruno to the others and back again.'I only hitem onne chin. De boddle din even break. Wussup wit dat?'John looked uncomfortable and shot a glance at Jerry, who just shrugged.'Well, I really shouldn't tell you this but I guess you need to know... He's ehh, he's got aglass jaw,' he explained nervously.'A wut?''A glass jaw. It means that even though he's big and very, very strong, the slightest tapon the head will knock him out. It's his secret weakness, and you mustnevertell anyone!'Sebastian had been looking at John while he explained and now he looked back downat Bruno with an expressionless face and back up at John.'Bwaaaahahahahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!' Sebastian started screaming in laughter whichdidn't show any signs of lessening even after about 30 seconds.'I don't really see the funny side...,' John tried to interject, at which point Sebastianpaused, looked up at John and promptly resumed laughing uncontrollably while pointing atthe prone form of Bruno. After another 30 seconds the worst of it was over and he was nowable to utter the odd intelligible word in between guffaws.'And here ... I belivd ... dat onayou ... assualy had powus ... and now ... turns oud ... HISUSELES TOO!!! BWAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAA!' he resumed his madcackle. Tears were streaming down his face while Bruno's team were at a loss at what to donext. Lars seemed to find the laughing infectious and started chuckling himself until silencedby a very stern look from John. In the end they just waited it out and eventually Sebastian172
quieted down, collapsing on the sofa from sheer physical exhaustion. After a few moments helooked up as if he was only just now noticing them.'Whaddya wan?'John gave a visible sigh of relief at the prospect of finally being able to communicatewith the detective. 'We have someveryimportant information and we didn't want to transmitit, so we came here as fast as we could.'Sebastian looked indifferent. 'Well, wussisit?''It appears that Tinycorp is having success with Jaeger's door and they'll get into his labtomorrow at some point.''So?''Sowe'll have to move quickly if we want to prevent them from destroying anyevidence, right?''Who cares, dusn madder anyway,' Sebastian said waving his injured hand dismissively.'I haf no proof, no clus, anne one widness I had? Ded! Cossame! You unnerstan?! Cossame! Idun wan any more ded peeble on my conssch... consshhh...headalright? Go home, issafer.'He picked up the Smirnon bottle, took a long swig and leaned back in the sofa closing hiseyes.'But, but...,' John sputtered, 'we have to do something now, or the baddies will get awaywith it! We have a responsibility to Jaeger, his widow and...and...and thecommunity!''Pffft,' Sebastian retorted. 'Baddies aaalways geddaway widdid, it's no use, getwiddeprogram. Have a drink!'He generously offered up the almost empty bottle, which contained probably 50% fake-o-hol and 50% dribble.John threw up his hands in exasperation, looking around at his companions with anexpression which said: "WellI'mout of ideas." This was followed by a few moments ofuncomfortable silence and shuffling of feet, during which Sebastian's eyes were slowlyclosing again and his head lolling forward.173
Bruno looked like he was about to say something when they all heard the front dooropen, followed by a female voice shouting: 'I have to see him straight away!'Gladys either didn't have time to react or she decided to let the visitor pass because twoseconds later the door to the office flew up, hitting Lars on the shoulder as he was standingright next it.'Sorry, sorry!' a petite brunette apologised as she entered the room and saw Bacon Boymassaging his shoulder. He just grinned inanely without saying anything. 'I'm uh, here to seeSebastian, is he in?'Nobody said anything, but Jerry and John both moved a step out of the way, revealingto the newcomer the unwelcome sight of a semi-conscious detective in the sofa and anunconscious giant on the floor next to him.'What's going on here? Who are you people and what have you done to him?' she saidworriedly as she rushed to Sebastian's side and put a hand on his forehead. It took about asecond from she sat down until the full aroma of his breath manifested itself in her nasalpassages, instantly disinfecting them and killing off a few hairs in the process. As quickly asshe'd sat down, she jumped back up.'Dawkins, he stinks! Why is he drunk, what is that guy doing on the floor, and onceagain: Who the hellareyou people?' she shouted, looking around accusingly.John opened his mouth as a preface to trying to explain the situation, but the shoutinghad stirred the slumbering PI who sat up straight, looked at the her and said: 'Angela?'Angela spun around again. 'Sebastian!''Whadya doin here?' he asked bleary-eyed and slightly self-conscious as he made afutile attempt at flattening his hair with his good hand.'I had to come, I received a message an hour ago, from F...,' she stopped mid-sentenceand cast a glance at John, Jerry and Lars. 'Could we continue this talk in private please,without your... friends here?''Oh isfine, donworry, you can trussem,' Sebastian waved a dismissive hand.174
For some strange reason this assertion did nothing to put Angela at ease. 'Ok, but this iskind of private and I'd prefer it if we didn't involve strangers in this. It's aboutyou know who,'she emphasized while trying to make meaningful facial contortions.'Thennow aaaallabout youknowho already, they... they...' he started giggling. 'They'remy superhero team! Waaahahahahaaaaa!' he broken into raucous laughter.Angela looked puzzled and made eye contact with John who just smiled nervously andshrugged. Sebastian kept laughing and was oblivious to the anger starting to brew in Angela'sface. A situation that was quickly rectified when she slapped him hard in the face.'Heeeeeeeeey,' he objected as he stopped laughing and put a hand to his cheek. Halfiealso raised his head from his bed under the desk to emit a low growl. A growl which seemedto say: 'Yes I know he's a bit if a twat, but easy on the physical abuse.''Hey your bloody self! I come here with critical information about Franz in the hopethat you can help, only to find you pissed out of your mind with a room full of strangepeople, no offence,' she added while giving John a brief look.Once again he just smiled inanely and shrugged.'You're supposed to be a detective, you're supposed to find the people who killed Franz,and you haven't and now you're drunk? You know what, you're not who I thought you were,you're useless, I'll take care of it myself,' she barked and turned around to leave.Sebastian jumped up and put a hand on her shoulder. 'Angela, wait.' He took a deepbreath and closed his eyes to steady himself. 'I'm sorry, I'm just in a schl... slump and I'mgetting nowhere with the invesch...invesss...case,' he explained, making a big effort toenunciate.'Please tell me whas up,' he added.She didn't turn around but she also didn't try to break free from his grasp. After a fewtense moments she finally turned around, apparently having come to a decision. 'I don't knowwhat possible use you can be in your current state, but I'll tell you. I just received a messagefrom Franz.'Sebastian raised his eyebrows in response.175
'Yes I know he's dead, but the message appears to have been written shortly before hisdeath and timed to be delivered now. It was heavily encrypted as well, you'll see why whenyou read it.' She offered her wrist to Sebastian who, after spending a few seconds focusinghis blurry vision on the text, started reading.Angie,I did it. I finally cracked it. After working on it for the last twoyears I've managed to take our profession a quantum leap forward. Youremember all those discussions we had about pico technology and how itwasn't feasible as a concept? Oh boy were we wrong, and now I can prove it.The thing is, I've actually gone ahead and constructed a new picobot thatwas only meant as a quick proof of concept, but all my simulations haveexceeded my wildest expectations and now I find myself in a quandary. Wework for Tinycorp, and everything of commercial viability we produce, theysell and make a profit. It's all about profit, and I've never had a problemwith that. But what if you all of a sudden had a game changer on yourhands? Something that could drastically alter people's lives across theglobe, and all for the better? Do we still focus on the profit or do we oweit to ourselves and indeed the world, to share it freely with everyone. I'mjust not sure any more.So why am I writing you in this fashion? I want to test my bots on ahuman and I can't do it without alerting our employers to what I'vecreated, so I'm going to test it on myself. I've triple-checked mysimulations and it should be fine, but just in case something happens Iwant you to go into my lab, get all the data on my work with picobots andmake it publicly available. I know I'll be fine, but if I'm not, not badfor a legacy eh?176
I've attached a synopsis of my work, and to gain access to the lab youjust need to remember my love of the bard :)You'll probably never read this anyway, so see you on the other side!FranzHe looked back up at Angie. 'So, wassisit, I mean, what...is...it,' he struggled.'It's amazing, that's what it is! Remember when you hurt your hand and you asked mewhy it took so long to heal? The reason is that our nanobots can only assist the body inhealing, so the healing will be perfect but not quick. Not so with picobots, they're smaller andfaster, and what he's done is create a bot that can do two things: Firstly, it'll repair tissuedamage much faster than before, and get this, if for some reason the heart stops, they'll rushto the brain and feed it oxygen until the damage is repaired, the heart kick-started and theblood supply is restored! It's incredible!' she said with her face lit up like a child's atChristmas.Sebastian stared at her blankly.'Don't you see? This means that people don't have to die from accidents or violence anymore as long as they have these picobots in them,' she explained.'Oh...right. That's cool. But if he took them himself why did he die? Twice!'Angela furrowed her brow. 'I'm not sure, but I have a theory. From what we know, heprobably took the bots outside his private lab where he was found dead, and it could be thatthe introduction of them was too big a shock for his body. He never told anybody, but heactually had a weak heart and physically he wasn't the strongest of people. Added to this,from what I can see in his notes, he took too large a dose, which is a stupid rookie mistakebut he was probably too excited about his breakthrough.''Ok, and then se...the bots kept his brain alive until they fixed his heart?' Sebastiansuggested.177
'Yes, exactly, and he probably woke up in the morgue at the hospitalvery confused. Istill don't get how he ended up shot, in Fulham of all places.''Then allooow me to explain, I think I've got sis one sorted,' Sebastian repliedconfidently. 'Franz wakes up, se good Doctor Gupta is in schock and contacts Tinycorp whoin turn realise sat something fishy is going on so they send their two enforcers to bring himin, he panics and flees on foot enning up in Fulham, tries to call for help on a terminal, is seenby the goons who probly think he's transmitting senstive data or in some other way iscompromising Tinycorp since he fled, and they subsequently gun him down. End of Franz,'he concluded with a smile.'I...I guess that makes sense,' Angela agreed looking concerned. 'I know Tinycorp has areputation for ruthlessness I just never thought they'd go that far.''Trust me, they would,' Sebastian stated with the confidence only a drunk man or asalesperson could muster.Angela hesitated a bit, processing the fact that her employers might be the bad guys inthis scenario and that she was now confronting a life changing decision. It was not a harddecision to make.'Right, we have to get his research data from his lab and fulfil his final wish,' she saidwith a firmness that didn't broker any discussion. 'Who's with me?''I am!' Lars shouted enthusiastically raising his arms, then realised that he was the onlyone and quickly took them down again.'Not that I don't wannahelpyou Angela, but why do you need help? Jusgo inno his laban gettadata, right?' Sebastian broke the awkward silence.'I tried, but even though I know his reference to "the bard" means Shakespeare, as hewas a huge fan, I can't figure out the exact phrase he used. I tried all the big ones without anyluck, so I could use some help.Furthermore, I'm not sure how much my employer knowsabout this, but it might not be entirely safe for me to try and get the data out of the building.You've got a gun right?178
'Abslutely not, I hate guns. An even though I'dloveto sneak into Tinycorp and helpyou, Immafraid the securty's too good, right guys?' he looked at the three standing GLUMmembers with a face that exuded regret but with eyes full of hope. Angela did the same butwith sincerity in the former and the exact opposite motivation in the latter.'Well actually, we do have something prepared for this eventuality and we're fairlycertain we could sneak you in undetected, right Jerry?' He turned around for confirmation andupon receiving it smiled and nodded happily back at Sebastian. He was somewhat surprisedto find that the information didn't overwhelm the recipient with enthusiasm and gratitude, heactually looked more like he wanted to throw something sharp or heavy or preferably both42at him. That all changed when Angela turned back to look at him again, at which point hisface lighted up in a strained smile.'Great! That's just...great!' he confirmed. He really didn't want to have to doanythinginhis current state apart from sleeping and feeling sorry for himself, and even in an idealscenario it didn't sound like any part of this would bring him any closer to having evidenceagainst Tinycorp. For some reason though he was unable to disappoint Angela, there was justsomething about her that made him want to win her approval at any cost.'Lesgo!' he shoutedas enthusiastically as he could, raising his injured hand in the air.Angela gave him an uncertain look. 'Are you sure you're in any condition to see thisthrough Sebastian? You seem awfully drunk to be honest.'Sebastian tried to look surprised and offended. 'Whaaat? Ibefine, promish!' he reassuredher while trying to not fall over.Angela looked pensive for a few moments before coming to a decision. ' Alright, Iguess we don't have any other options. This has to happen tonight. At least let me get you astrong cup of coffee.''Thasfine, I'll get Gladys...'42.Like a sharpened anvil.179
'No, I'll get it, you just wait here,' she interrupted and quickly left the room to go to thereception. Nobody said anything while she was gone but Bruno started stirring on the floor,and just as he opened his eyes, Angela came back into the room with a mug between herhands. 'Here, drink this, all of it,' she commanded, thrusting the coffee into his left hand. Hedid as ordered, barely registering the awfulness of it in his current state. Placing the emptycontainer on his desk he received a satisfied nod from Angela who turned aroundto speak toGLUM who were helping their largest member get up from the floor.'You say you can get Sebastian into Tinycorp indetected?'John nodded.'How sure are you that it'll work?'John looked at Jerry who gave a small nod in reply. 'Pretty sure, assuming he is able tomove quickly and follow orders,' he indicated Sebastian with a nod of his head.'Ok, let's just hope it works. You all have cars I assume?''Eh, not really, we took a cab here,' John answered regretfully.'And the great PI is in not condition to drive. Great. We'll just have to pile into my car,'she sighed. 'Come on, let's go.'They'd only made it into the lobby when Sebastian's wrist started beeping. It wasVictoria. He acknowledged the call and gathered all his willpower to speak clearly. Theothers were then witnesses to one half of a conversation where he was obviously not incontrol.'Victoria! Hi!''...''Yes, yes I know it's been a while since my last update, but I've been quite busy withnew developments.''...''Now? Sure, why not. I eh... I've got a new lead and I'm actually just about to look intoit now.''...'180
'I don't think I should tell you, it's one of those cases where it's probably best you didn'tknow.''...''Well because it might be slightly, how can I put this, legally questionable?''...''No, I don't think that would be a good idea.''...''Yes I know you pay my bills.''...'Yes, I'm aware of that, but...''...''I know, b...''................''Ok! Alright! I'm breaking into Tinycorp ok? Happy?''...''What? No! Absolutely not! Out of the question!''...''Victoria... Victoria... Victoria? Fuck!' he shouted. This was one of those situationswhere he really wished the world was still using old fashioned phones. There was just no wayyou could convincingly hang up on a call dramatically these days, leaving Sebastian to justtap his wrist aggressively with his injured hand, resulting in a sharp jolt of pain from it.'Aaaargghh, fuck-a-doodle!'The others were all watching the spectacle, waiting for him to calm down a bit.'Why did you tell her what we were doing?' Angela asked incredulously.'I had no choice alright? She just kept pushing and pushing, plus she's paying me, sothere,' he finished sullenly.'And what was the last thing she said where you said: "absolutely not"?'181
Sebastian looked away. 'She eh... she said that she was coming. She'll meet us aTinycorp.''What?! Are you insane? We can't risk bringing along some spoiled rich girl justbecause she throws a hissy-fit,' Jerry objected.'Did it sound like I gave her my blessing? Did it?' Sebastian retorted angrily. 'Iknowit'snot a great idea, but we just have to face facts now, and the facts are that she's the kind ofwoman who doesn't take no for an answer, and we'll risk blowing the whole thing if we start afight with her outside Tinycorp headquarters!''I still think it's stupid,' Jerry grumbled.'And I agree,' Sebastian said, 'but let's just focus on getting this done. The mostimportant question is: Can you get her in as well?''I guess, but we'd have to move very quickly, there'd be no room for mistakes at all,'Jerry confirmed.'Good, we'll just have to be flawless in our execution,' Sebastian asserted. As he said sohe actually found that he was feeling surprisingly well. He wasn't as dizzy any more and hisenunciation was back to normal. Dawkins bless that coffee, it really was a miracle-worker.When no more objections were forthcoming Sebastian opened the front door forAngela. 'Let's get to that car of yours,' he said with a determined smile and a wink.Chapter 16: Small MachinationsBruno was assigned the front passenger seat for obvious reasons, but even so space wasextremely limited on the back seat. Sebastian was crammed in with the other three membersof GLUM, resulting it way more body contact with other males than he'd ever want and afaint smell of bacon.182
'So,' Sebastian started while trying to get more comfortable and failing miserably. ' Iforgot to ask, howdoyou intend to get us into Tinycorp? I thought that place was moresecure than the World Bank?''We're making use of an existing hack to the system that I had to make years agobecause of John,' Jerry explained. 'The security system in place makes use of 3D facialrecognition as well as an iris scan and voice recognition, and it's a flawless system. Wellalmost flawless, apparently they couldn't account for John. His face throws the 3D scannerevery time, it simply cannot get a lock, it's as if his face is so plain and generic that there areno distinguishing features to pick up on. In any case, to circumvent the problem we had tomake a manual hack to the system, which means that whoever is manning security canoverride the security system and let a person in regardless of the system. Everything is loggedand recorded of course and only the door facing the Tinycorp compound will open. However,since I made the hack I was able to sneak in a few modifications: When the overridefunctionality is activated,bothdoors will open and the security camera will black out forabout five seconds. It should be long enough for one or even two people to run through afterJohn and brief enough for them to think it was just a small glitch.''Ok, sounds good, but what about security once we're inside? Won't there be cameras?'Yes there will, but they won't be actively monitored. They're so confident about thesecurity at the entrance that all internal cameras are only recording for archiving in case theyneed to check something after the fact.''I still plan on being alive a fair amount of years after this, and I'm sure that if we getout of this alive, there will still be an investigation and they'll find footage of all of us!'Sebastian objected.'And that's why we have these,' Jerry replied, digging out a handful of what looked likeoversized tie-pins.When Sebastian gave him a decidedly unimpressed look, he elaborated: 'They're nanocloud cloaks,' he said excitedly, 'they generate this field around you which...'183
'Yes I know what they do,' Sebastian interrupted him. 'I thought they were extremelyillegal though?''And that's your main concern at the moment? The legality of the equipment we'reusing while breaking into a major corporation to steal from them?' Jerry asked drily.'Fair point,' Sebastian conceded. 'Well great, sounds like you've thought of everything.''Everything except one small detail,' Bruno said. ' We can't get into the lab withoutAngela's ID, so it doesn't matter if she's cloaked or not, they'll know it was her who let us in.The whole car fell silent.'I knew this was a one-way street for me career-wise when I made the decision,' Angelainterrupted the silence after a few seconds without looking at anyone.'Never mind your career, this could be a one-way street for youlife-wise Angela,'Sebastian argued.'I know. I guess you'll just have to keep me safe, won't you Mr. Poe?' she said with awry smile and a quick glance in the rear-view mirror.No-one said anything after that, and the rest of the trip was spent in silence. They allknew it couldn't be any other way and that it was her decision to make. That didn't make itany more pleasant though.Arriving in Chiswick Angela set down her car in a nearby parking building, notwanting to risk parking on company grounds. Victoria had also parked there and as theyexited the car, they could see her walking towards them.'Well at least she didn't bring an entourage,' Jerry murmured as she was in fact aloneand comparatively sensibly dressed as well, i.e. no high heels and nothing too flashy.Sebastian decided to make a last ditch attempt to dissuade her from coming with them,and as she came up to them he stepped forward.'Victoria, I really think this is a bad idea. What we're about to do is illegal and veryrisky. There is a chance that if we get caught we might no get out alive.'184
At these words Lars, who usually wore an oblivious grin on his face, visibly blanched,apparently not realising until this moment that it was serious.Sebastian took another step forward so that he was very close to her. ' Please, pleasereconsider, I can't guarantee your safety if you come,' he implored her.'I don't need you to guarantee anything Sebastian, I'm a grown woman and I can takecare of myself. I'm not stupid, I do realise the risk, but I cannot in good conscience let you dothis alone. I have to do this for Franz. I appreciate your concern though, it's very sweet,' shegave him a small smile and a brief hug.Once again he found himself intoxicated by her smell, not to mention the parts of herbody briefly pressed against his, and all resistance sapped out of him. Turning around to theothers he gave a shrug in resignation, communicating in a gesture that he'd done everythingin his power. They didn't look particularly impressed by his efforts and Angela lookeddecidedly annoyed.'I didn't realise you'd brought an army Sebastian,' Victoria said, giving everybodypresent an evaluating once-over. 'Is this really necessary?''Trust me, it is. Angela you know, and she's the only one who can get us access to thelab. The others are... friends of mine who also happen to be working for Tinycorp, and they'rethe only ones who can get us access to the compound.''But surely we don't need all four of them to get us in?' she challenged him.'Strictly speaking no, but they eh... work as a team I'm afraid, nothing to be done there.''Very well, if it's necessary. I'm just loathe to risk others in this endeavour, like yousaid, it could be very dangerous and I'm sure Franz wouldn't have wanted more innocentshurt. I must thank you all; it is testament to Franz' decent nature and indeed yours that you'rewilling to take this risk to make sure that his killers won't go unpunished.''Well actually...,' Angela started before being interrupted by Sebastian who gave her ameaningful look and a brief shake of the head.'Actually it's the least they can do,' he finished for her. 'That's how good a bunch ofpeople we're dealing with here, they feel it's their duty and they can do nothing less.' There185
was no reason to tell Victoria what the primary purpose of the visit was as she might object,knowing exactly how slim the chances were they'd find anything incriminating on Tinycorp.The real objective was too important though, at least to Angela and therefore to Sebastian,and they'd have to see it through even it it meant keeping his client in the dark, or at least inill-lit conditions.Victoria looked a bit confused by the exchange but smiled and concluded: 'In any case,I thank you all.'At this point Jerry had had enough of all the talking and decided to move things along.Extracting the portable nano cloak clouds from his pocket he distributed them among thepeople present and instructed them in its use. 'You just flip the switch the moment we'rethrough the main gate, but not before. If it's active as you go through it will be picked up bysecurity. Understood?'He received affirmative nods from everyone present.'Right, let's get a move on then.'As they left the building and walked towards the main gate of the Tinycorp compoundJohn instructed them all in how they'd get John and Victoria inside. 'Angela, Bruno, Jerry andLars will enter first, followed by me. I'll try to authenticate, fail and then be put in contactwith security who'll activate the override. At that moment both the outside and the insidedoors of the booth will open, giving you a few seconds to run through. Got it?'Sebastian and Victoria both nodded. Luckily it was in the middle of the night whichmeant that as long as they were careful, nobody would see them perform their little stunt.They all approached the long row of booths, moving towards the left-most one whichwas next to the trees lining the plaza and therefore less exposed than the rest. Angela andJohn's team went through the adjacent booths leaving just the three of them on the outside.John was about to go in, and was checking the area to make sure nobody was watching, whenhe thought he saw movement further back by the trees. He informed the others and they allspent a minute staring in the direction indicated by John, but didn't see anything.'You're just being paranoid,' Sebastian said dismissively, 'who'd be stalking us?'186
'Even the paranoid are right sometimes,' John bit back.Sebastian sighed and checked his wrist. After a few moments John was apparentlysatisfied that they were alone and went into the security booth. They only had to wait aboutten seconds before the door opened again and they could see that both doors were indeedopen. Quickly they ran through and were immediately met by John who pulled them behind asmall maintenance building. This was done with such expediency that nobody noticed thesmall shadowy figure exiting the same booth from which they'd just emerged, baremilliseconds before it shut again. A second later it was gone.John was clearly wired from the excitement of it all and slammed them both against thewall a bit too forcefully. 'Easy there buddy, we're on the same team,' Sebastian reminded him.'Right, sorry, I'm...I'm just a bit nervous is all. It seemed to work though. Now, turn onyour cloaks and we'll get to the service entrance as quickly as we can.' They did as they weretold, and following his lead they all tried to walk inconspicuously towards the rear side ofTower 1.As they arrived at the small door at the back of the building there was no one elsearound. 'Where are the others?' Sebastian asked.'They've entered through the main entrance as they would do on any normal day,' Johnexplained. 'It would look strange if we all just piled in through this door. Once they're inthey'll go to somewhere that's not under surveillance, like a toilet, and engage the cloaks.We'll meet them at the lab. Now step aside so they won't see you on the camera and we'llrepeat the procedure from before. Only one door this time, so it'll be easy.'Sebastian and Victoria immediately moved up against the wall, and when John wassure they were out of sight he activated the security mechanism. As usual he was met by anannoying honking sound indicating that authentication failed, followed by the small screenabove the console coming to life, showing the very bored face of a middle-aged man.'You again, should have known...,' the face droned irritably and immediately activatedthe override causing the screen to go black. The door clicked open and the three of themrushed inside, where John immediately activated his own nano cloak.187
'Right, let's get to the service elevator, it'll take us straight up to the 64th floor where thelab is,' John said quickly and stormed off down the hallway, his nerves obviously getting thebetter of him. Both Sebastian and Victoria had to half-run to catch up, but they didn't have togo far before arriving at the lift where John was pushing the call button frantically whilelooking from side to side and muttering: 'Come on, comeon...'It soon arrived with a soft *ping* and John rushed in before the doors were fully open.No sooner had they all entered before John was once again engaged in fevered buttonpushing and urgent muttering.'Relax John,' Sebastian said calmly. 'It's gone smoothly so far, you don't have to be sonervous.''Don't I? Don't I?' he shouted quietly43in response. 'Do you realise what they'll do to usand especially me if they catch us? It will not be pretty, I can assure you of that.' He left thatstatement hanging while giving both of them a wild-eyed stare.'They won't catch us, you're with a professional,' Sebastian grinned and winked. Johnstared at him for about two seconds before resuming his panicky button-mashing andinsistent muttering.Sebastian looked at Victoria and shrugged.The lift did eventually get going and it wasn't long before they were able to step out ofit and into the long curved corridor on the 64th floor after John sticking his head out to checkthat there was no one there. The service lift was on the opposite side of the building from themain lift and the entrance to the lab, so by the time they'd made the walk there the others hadalready arrived.Angela looked visibly relieved when she saw them. 'Glad to see the plan actuallyworked,' she said with a small smile. 'Not that I didn't have faith in the plan to begin withmind you,' she quickly added after seeing John and Jerry starting to frown. Her reassurance43.Yes it's possible to shout quietly.188
not doing much to alleviate the awkward mood which had suddenly descended, she decidedto move things along. 'The lab is this way, follow me.'She only had to walk a few meters to get to the door where she inserted her securitycard causing it to slide open immediately. They all followed her through the opening andfound themselves in the most expansive, expensive and machinery-filled laboratory of theworlds largest nano technology company.'A bit boring isn't it it,' Lars commented.Everybody else being in complete awe of the scale of the laboratory, not to mention theadvanced machinery and assistive drones and robots buzzing around, they turned as one tolook at him with incredulity.'Boring?!' Angela was the first one to exclaim.'Yeah, I mean, I was expecting a bit more whiz-bang and colours and stuff, you know,'he elaborated, unperturbed by the reaction of everyone else currently staring at him.'This is the most advanced laboratory of its kind in the world! Each machine in herecosts more than you probably make in a lifetime and most scientists would sell theirgrandmother to work here!' Angela explained forcefully.Lars was starting to look a bit uncomfortable under the combined scrutiny of everyonepresent. 'Alright, alright, fair enough. Just saying...'John cleared his throat loudly. 'Eh, not to break up this... whatever this is, but could wefocus a bit on the task at hand before we're all caught and put to death?''Yes, yes of course, sorry,' Angela said shaking her head in an effort to get rid of the airof ignorance which seemed to ooze off Bacon Boy. 'His lab is down here at the end.'They had to walk a considerable distance before coming to Franz' private lab, the doorto it only coming into view shortly before they arrived at it, due to the curvature of the roomas well as all the equipment in the vicinity.Sebastian went to check out the security console next to the door immediately,expecting to find an installation similar to what they'd encountered entering the compound.'There's only a keyboard here,' he said giving Angela a surprised look.189
'Yeah, Franz hated all the extra security, insisting that a single password was still thebest way to go, assuming you chose the correct one. That's actually our luck because if thedoor had required the usual authentication there's no way we'd ever get in. At least this waywe only have to guess his password.''But you already tried with no luck didn't you?''I did, I tried all the famous quotes I know, starting with the ones he used often, butwith no luck.''Ok, let's try that again just to be sure you didn't miss anything obvious,' Sebastiansuggested, receiving nods in response from everyone present.'To be, or not to be, that is the question,' John offered.Sebastian typed it in, getting a low buzzing sound for his efforts. 'Nope, next?''Something is rotten in the state of Denmark,' Bruno suggested.Another buzz.This went on for some time, with the same outcome until Sebastian took his hand offthe keyboard. 'Ok, wait, wait, this is getting us nowhere, we could be here all night at thisrate. Franz must have expected you to be able to get it relatively easy or he wouldn't haverelied on such a small hint. Isn't there some phrase that he used often and which he'd knowyou'd remember?''Yes there is,' Angela replied equally frustrated, 'but that was the first thing I tried and itdidn't work!''Well what is it?'Angela sighed. 'The way we worked he would usually come up with the initial idea andthen I'd try and pick holes in his theories, often to the point where he'd get tired of all myobjections and say: "Methinks the lady doth protest too much".'Sebastian type it in, receiving only another low buzz.'Actually,' Lars said suddenly after having been quiet since his unfortunate commentsupon entering the room, 'that's a misquote.''It's what?' Sebastian urged him.190
'A misquote. Most people quote it like that, but the actual quote is: "The lady dothprotest too much, methinks".'They all looked at him in astonishment, sharing the same sentiment that this was likeone day watching your toddler do quantum mechanics with his crayons.Sebastian was the first one to snap out of it, and turning around he keyed in the phrase,this time being rewarded with an audible click from the door as the lock disengaged.'Yes!' Sebastian shouted, making a double-sided fist pump while everyone else sighedin relief and rushed to pat Lars on the back.Their celebration was suddenly interrupted by slow, loud clapping. 'Bravo, bravo, veryimpressive.'They'd all been so preoccupied by the door that they hadn't noticed the three peoplewalking up behind them. At the clapping they all spun around, only to be confronted withTinycorp CEO Frederick Forsythe flanked by the blonde twin towers, both pointing theirheavily modified energy weapons at them.'Thank you so much for saving me the trouble of getting rid of you in some complicatedmanner by simply walking in here where I can do what I want with you,' he said with a smilewhich belied the coldness in the stare he was giving both Sebastian and Victoria.'Well if it isn't Mr. Big Cheese himself.' Sebastian started. 'So you finally decided toslither out of hiding to get your oily hands dirty did you? What are you going to do, killFranz' widow just like you killed her husband?''Don't be ridiculous, why would I kill my top researcher? Do you have any idea howmuch money he made the company?''Who's being ridiculous now? There's footage of your two goons killing him and youknow very well the lengths you went to, to get that footage secured you prick!'Forsythe looked genuinely puzzled for a fraction of a second, before shaking his headand giving the twin on his left a look and a nod towards Sebastian, at which point thecolossus fired his weapon, hitting Sebastian in the chest. He looked at his chest in disbeliefand crumbled to the floor.191
'Ah, that felt so good! He was starting to get on my nerves,' Forsythe said with mockrelief.'Sebastian!' Angela screamed and leapt to his side. As per usual with energy weaponsthere was no blood, but there didn't need to be. A check to his carotid artery on the neckconfirmed the inevitable. He was gone.'No, no, no!' Angela started crying. After a few moments she looked up at Forsythethrough welled-up eyes. 'You bastard!''Oh yes, does that surprise you?' he replied drily. 'As for all of youemployees, it seemsyou have violated several clauses of your contracts, which we'll have to discuss in detail, butlet's keep it an internal matter shall we?' he said with a wolfish grin.He then turned toward Victoria. 'That just leaves our poor, poor widow. You've been athorn in my side ever since Franz died with your incessant questions and refusal to give usaccess to your husband's lab at home. It would all be a lot easier if you ceased to be. Can yougive me one good reason why I shouldn't kill you?'Victoria just stared at him stoically without replying.'Thought not,' he stated flatly, giving the twin on his right a look and a nod towardsVictoria.An instant later the large energy weapon was discharged again, causing everyone toblink at the sudden sound and light. When they opened their eyes they were met by the sightof the illustrious CEO of the largest company in the world falling to his knees with asurprised look on his face and a smoking hole where his right kidney used to be. He slowlyturned his head to look at his henchman turned traitor while silently mouthing the word"what" before falling face-down on the floor. Nobody spoke or moved a muscle. The silencewas broken by the sound of Victoria's heels on the hard floor as she walked over to standbetween the two turncoat bodyguards.'Right. With that unfortunate business out of the way, what do you say we go get whatwe came for?' she said with an exaggerated smile that never reached her eyes.192
'But...but...what?' John stammered in confusion. 'I don't get it? They work for you now?But didn't they kill your husband? Isn't that the reason you're here, to find evidence againstTinycorp?''Oh, poor little lost lamb, is this all proving too big a strain on your limited resources,'she replied sarcastically with a pout. 'I don't need to explain myself to you, but since I'm in agood mood now, having just gotten rid ofthisbastard,' she kicked the dead body of Forsythe,' and because I'd just hate for you to die in greater ignorance than absolutely necessary,although given your normal state the difference will be negligible I'm sure, I'll oblige.Anyway, it's the done thing isn't it in situations like this? There'll be no last minute reversal offortunes here though, I assure you.'At this she paused and gave them all a hard stare.'I married my husband for one reason and one reason only: Money. Unfortunately itturned out that all his perceived wealth was tied up in a trust fund to which I couldn't getaccess, even if I bumped him off, so what was a girl to do? I realised that the best way toprofit from this "marriage"44was to get my hands on some of the technology he was workingon as there is a great market for industry secrets. People will pay very handsomely indeed forthe latest cutting edge technology from Tinycorp.'She shifted her position and casually put her left foot on the head of the recentlydeceased CEO before continuing.'So I devised a little plan which consisted of biding my time, waiting for him to have abreakthrough on some interesting technology and meanwhile make sure that when the timewas right I'd have the necessary...tools at my disposal for making sure my husband wouldhave a tragic accident when the time came, and what better place to recruit than right herewhere he worked?' She indicated her two helpers with a look.'But why would they help you against Tinycorp?' Angela asked.44.Yes, she actually made the bunny-ears gesture with her hands.193
'Youarean innocent aren't you dear,' Victoria replied mockingly. 'There are no sides inthis game, just personal gain, and in this case the promise of enough money to set them up forlife. An offer they of course couldn't refuse being men of low morals. And I say that with thegreatest admiration mind you.' She patted the shoulders of each of the giants. 'Nothing sosickening as a person who can't be bought.'So I waited, and waited and waited some more until finally he announced what I'd beenwaiting for: A major breakthrough that would change the world. I couldn't believe my luckwhen I heard what it was! I would be the richest woman on the planet if I managed to sell thatto the right party. So I enthusiastically celebrated with him, although for a slightly differentreason than he thought, while planning to sneak into his private lab at home the next day toget the data, erasing all proof of the work and then getting my friends to dispose of the oneperson who knew about it. Perfect plan right?'A cloud went over her face. 'Wrong.''Turns out the data wasn't in his home lab as I found out the following day. No problemI thought, It'll be at work and I'll find some other way of getting at it. Then what happens?Genius boy has a heart attack. At least I won't have to kill him then, I just have to get into hisprivate lab at work before Tinycorp does. Tricky, very tricky. But then I get a call from myassociates that he's come alive again! I realise that if Tinycorp finds out they'll also find outthat he tested his own invention on himself and more cruciallywhathe tested, so I tell myfriends here to not inform Tinycorp but stop Franz instead. Somehow he manages to escapewhen they arrive at the hospital and after a chase they find him at a terminal. This is whenthey make a, shall we say less than optimal, decision?'She pauses to shoot them both a reproachful look to which they don't react.'I prefer to keep the facts to myself and only inform the people who work for me on aneed to know basis, so granted, they couldn't know how important it was to keep him alive,and they took my instructions to stop him a bit too literally. Now I was screwed. I knewTinycorp would be suspicious of his death so they'd be interested in getting into his lab asquickly as possible. On top of this I had no way of getting in there myself. Franz used to have194
a connection between his home lab and the private lab at work that no one knew about, wellat least no one but me, but for some reason that connection was now down. Maybe he shut itdown before he died, I don't know. In any case, I needed to get to the data fast and as a lastditch attempt I decided to find some stooge who'd buy my grieving widow versus evilcorporation story and then get him to get me in there.'She paused and rolled her eyes. 'Yes, I know, desperate, but hey, look how it workedout in the end,' she grinned. 'I did have to prod him a few times to support the illusion and gethim to come to the conclusion that he needed to get to the lab, but he got there in the end, andhere we are. Now I just need to extract the data and I'll be on my way, so doc, if you'dplease?'Angela didn't move.'NOW!' Victoria screamed with an insane look on her face, revealing a psychotic sidethat was terrifying.Angela jumped up and started moving towards the door to the lab.'And don't get any funny ideas about deleting the data or stalling. I'll kill one of yourlittle friends here for every two minutes that go by until you're back with the data.''Two minutes? It'll take me longer than that to get everything!' she protested.'You'll just have to hurry then if you want to maximise the number of people who'll bealive when you finish, won't you?' came the cold reply.Angela was about to open the door when all of a sudden a small figure jumped out frombehind some machinery with a gun in hand and exclaimed loudly: ' Ahaa! Got you now Poeyou bastard!'. He was wearing a number of bandages and casts, including a neck support,making you wonder how he'd been able to get here on his own.It took Dweazil about one second to spot Sebastian's prone form on the floor, assume avery surprised facial expression and say: 'What the...' during which both Victoria and thetwins spun around to face him. Upon seeing the sunglassed behemoths and their massiveweapons he managed to squeeze out an 'oh fuck' before all hell broke loose.195
All three guns were discharged simultaneously and at this distance it was very hard tomiss. Dweazil caught two beams in the chest, but not before hitting one of the twins in hisgun arm, sending the weapon flying back towards GLUM and causing Victoria and herfriends to spin around again in search of the lost firearm. It had landed next to Sebastian'sdead body and both Angela and all the GLUM members had been too slow to pick it up untilit was too late.'Don't even think about it!' Victoria shouted, while the armed twin trained his gun onthem. Satisfied that they weren't doing anything foolish she quickly checked that the tinymummy had been dealt with and turned her attention back to the others. 'I have no idea whatthe hellthatwas, and I really don't care. Proceed,' she nodded at Angela.At that moment Sebastian grabbed the weapon next to him and fired a single shot fromhis position on the floor, hitting the the armed twin right between the eyes. The highly trainedreflexes of the killer allowed him to get a shot off of his own before having his lifeterminated, and he would have hit his target if not for the fact that the massive recoil from themodified rifle lifted Sebastian from the ground, slamming both him and the weapon into thewall next to the door.This time it was Victoria's and her injured companion's turn to be stunned, givingBruno the opening he needed to take two quick steps forward and dealing a bone-crunchingblow to the jaw of the biggest leftover threat who went down immediately. 'I guess you forgotto upgrade your jaw,' Bruno said drily. He then turned his gaze to Victoria who gave him aweak smile. 'You. Over there in the corner where we can keep an eye on you,' he growled.She did as instructed while everyone else gathered around Sebastian who was nursing his armand shoulder. His forearm was bent in a weird angle that didn't look at all natural, andjudging from his facial expression it was associated with considerable amounts of pain.'Sebastian, thank Dick you're alive!' Angela almost shouted and tried to hug him.'Oww, oww, oooooww,' he shouted in return as she squeezed his broken arm. She let goimmediately.'Oh, sorry, sorry, I'm just so relieved it worked!'196
'What worked?' Sebastian asked through clenched teeth.Angela looked a bit sheepish. 'Well... you know that cup of coffee you had at theoffice? I slipped in a dose of Franz' prototype as I was worried about you and the state youwere in.''You gave me a dose of the stuff thatkilledFranz? What the hell were you thinking?You could have killed me!''Not likely, he had a weak heart plus he injected it and you ingested it, allowing yourbody to assimilate it much more slowly. Granted, it was a risk, but a calculated one. Andremember, even though it gave Franz a heart attack, he still survived it.'Sebastian just continued staring at her in disbelief with and open mouth.'How's you arm?' she inquired when he didn't say anything else.'It's bloody broken is what it is, look at it!' he displayed his wonky left arm for all tosee. 'Now I'm not able to use me right handormy left arm. At this rate I'll be a paraplegic bythe end of the week! And furthermore... hang on,' he paused and looked at his injured arm.While they were all looking at it, it slowly started to straighten itself until it lookedcompletely normal again. Sebastian flexed his hand a few times and twisted his arm. 'Ok,that's actually pretty cool,' he grinned. 'Wait, how come Franz died when he was shot whenhe had the pico bots in him?''They're hard-wired to only live a few hours. It's a fail-safe we put in the design of allprototypes, just in case something goes wrong,' Angela explained.'Not to be pushy or anything, but we've got quite a few dead bodies here including theCEO of the company, do you think we could speed things up and get out of here?' Jerryinterjected.'Yes, yes of course,' Angela agreed and sprang to her feet. 'I'll go get the data now.' Shepushed the door but it didn't budge. She pushed it once more harder with the same result. 'Uhoh.''Uh oh what?' Jerry asked.197
'Uh oh this,' she replied indicating the security display next to the door which wassmashed to pieces. 'Sebastian must have hit it with the butt of the rifle when he was thrownback against the wall, causing it to lock again. Now there's no way for us get in there.' Shehung her head in defeat and what had seconds earlier been an atmosphere of triumph quicklyturned into one of disappointment.Victoria let out a high-pitched 'Ha!' earning her annoyed stares from everyone present.At this point Halfie emerged from where he'd been hiding under a table, padded acrossthe room to the door and stuck what looked like his tongue into a small opening underneaththe security console. Moments later they all heard an audible click from the door, whereuponHalfie removed his tongue, pawed the door open and disappeared through the opening.It took them all a few seconds to process what just happened and Sebastian was the firstone to react. He looked at the others and shrugged. 'I guess it's open now,' he statedredundantly. 'Bruno, you stay here and watch her, the rest of us will go in and see what'sgoing on.' Bruno affirmed with a quick nod and a scowl at Victoria and the rest of them wentinto the elusive lab.It wasn't very large, probably around 300 square feet45, but packed with computers andother hardware. Halfie had jumped up unto the chair in front of the main bank of screens andhad once again inserted his tongue into a small opening in the console. They were now ableto get a better look at him and could see that it wasn't actually his tongue, but some kind ofplastic and metal tubing previously hiddenunderhis tongue.45.Forgetting for a moment how ridiculous it is to use the human foot to measuredistance, why exacerbate the problem by talking about "square feet"? Who has square feet?Maybe it would be better to talk about squaredfeet with a "d" at the end? On second thought,that might create the impression that someone had taken a normal foot and then managed toget it into a square form by either cutting bits off or forcefully inserting it into a squarebaking form, this creating a "squared foot". Actually, never mind.198
They'd barely all made it into the room when the screens started to flicker, quicklysettling on the face of a thin man in his thirties with a receding hairline.'Franz!' Angela said in surprise.'The face on the screen smiled. 'Hello Angela, good to see you again.''What's going on, where are you? I thought you were dead?''I was, I am, or at least my body is. I managed to upload most of my mind to my lab athome before getting shot, so you might say I'm virtually alive,' he gave a snorting guffaw.'Excuse me,' Sebastian interrupted, 'mostof your mind?''Yes, I made sure to secure all my cognitive processes first and then went on to mymemories in reverse chronological order. I was killed somewhere around my 8th birthday. Nobig loss, or at least I think so. Can't know for sure can I?' he snorted again.In the meantime Angela seemed to have regained her wits and was actually starting tolook a bit angry. 'But where the hell have you been then? Why didn't you tell my you werealive... sort of?'I wanted to, trust me I really did,' he replied regretfully,' but first of all I needed tofigure out what was going on and second of all, being virtual isn't all it's cracked up to be. Ialways thought that once I was living inside a computer then I'd be able to control everythingso much faster, but it doesn't work like that at all. It's a bit like wanting to drive a car butfinding yourself trapped under the hood: You're right in the centre of where all the importantstuff happens but you have next to no control over anything; it's hard to explain.''So whathaveyou been doing all this time?' she pressed him.'Trying to find out what was going on mostly. The first thing I did was to cut theconnection from my home lab to this one. I didn't want my research exposed, that was themost important thing. Then I tried breaking into Tinycorp, but that went badly wrong. Part ofme ended up in a maintenance robot that went insane because it couldn't cope with theamount of data.'John's face lit up. 'So that was you!''What?' Sebastian asked, turning to face him.199
'A few days ago I was called to fix a garbage drone that was acting strangely. Neversaw anything like it and I had to terminate it in the end.''Yeah, sorry about that,' Franz said.'But then what? How did you get in here and what's the dog got to do with it?' Angelapersisted.'Well I found out that Vicky had hired Mr. Poe here, so I wanted to contact him, butfailed miserable. My attempt was picked up by this little guy here though and for somereason I was able to communicate with him easily. I'm not sure you understand just howremarkable a creature he is Mr. Poe.''Please, call me Sebastian, and no, sounds more and more like my furry friend hashidden depths.''Ok, Sebastian it is then,' he smiled. 'So anyway, Halfie agreed to do some scouting anddata collection for me to add to my own feeble attempts, and when I found out that Victoriahad constructed a false email for you to find on my computer at home I knew who wasbehind it all,' he finished, his face exhibiting the obvious emotional pain this betrayal hadinflicted.'What, she faked that email?' Sebastian asked, 'but how could she know I'd be able tohack the terminal?''Hack? Please Sebastian, how likely is it that I would have "nerd" as a password? Irealise what I am but one thing a nerd is not, and that is stupid. She rigged it to accept anypassword you tried.'Sebastian was experiencing a mixture of emotions, most notable among thesedisappointment that he wasn't finally getting the hang of computers.'By this time I'd realised that I wouldn't be proficient enough in moving around the netin time to do anything about this, so Halfie graciously offered to host me. I opened the doorto my home lab for him while you were at the wake and downloaded into his storage banks.We both agreed that it was better if I didn't let myself be known at this point, and whenVictoria turned up it was too late to tell you. In the end it all turned out quite well though I200
must say, as the drone interface in the security console was the only way to gain entrance tothe lab after you broke the main display.''I guess it did, but Ididget shot and would have died if it weren't for Angela,' Sebastianargued.'True, and I'm sorry about that, I didn't realise quite how ruthless my dear wife was. Agood thing our brilliant Angela had the foresight to check the refrigerator for the leftovers ofthe prototype I injected.' At this he smiled at Angela, who returned it shyly.Nobody said anything for a moment or two before Sebastian broke the silence. 'So whatnow?''Now we get what we came for,' Franz replied. 'I still intend to share my invention withthe world and for that to happen we have to get out of here.''And how long will it take to get the data?'Franz closed his eyes briefly, stating upon reopening them: 'Done.''Oh. Right. Let's go then,' Sebastian suggested, surprised that something finally went asplanned.As they all exited the room they saw Bruno still standing next to Victoria scowlingwhile she looked as cool as ever.'What do we do with her?' Angela asked.'We take her with us,' came Franz' voice from Sebastian's wrist. Checking it he saw thevirtual visage of the not quite late scientist winking at him.'Oh now you're on my wrist?' he said, not thrilled at the prospect.'Halfie was kind enough to set up a link, makes communicating a bit easier don't youthink?''Undeniably, but that doesn't mean I have to like it does it,' he retorted, but decided tomove things along instead of debating. 'What do we do with her if we take her with us?''We hand her over to the police. I've got plenty of electronic evidence of her varioustransgressions, including conspiring to kill her husband. She'll go away for a long time,believe me.'201
'I see, fair enough. All that's left is getting out of here I guess.''Not a problem,' Bruno said from behind them. 'What most people don't know is thatthere are certain passcards which are "all-access" and don't require other forms ofauthentication. They can only be issued by the CEO, but I'll bet you anything that humptyand dumpty over there have them. They sure as shit don't figure in any of our securitydatabases.''Let's check it out,' Sebastian agreed.'Look out!' Lars screamed as he spotted the twin Bruno had knocked unconsciousgrabbing his brother's rifle and preparing to fire. None of them had any weapons and therewas no cover to be had in time. The killer smiled a cold smile, said: 'Bye bye...' and promptlyfell flat on his face completely lifeless as a loud gunshot rang through the lab.'Fuckin' cunt,' came the rasping voice of Dweazil who was now sitting up with a gun inone hand while he was massaging his chest with the other. 'The fucker shot me right in thefamily jewels he did, look at this! Some of these chains have been in my family forgenerations!' He was now inspecting the melted, tangled mess of necklaces on his chestwhich had absorbed the impact from the energy weapon earlier.Sebastian laughed.'I never thought I'd say this, but I'm glad you're not dead Dweazil.'Everybody else also started chuckling in relief, except Dweazil who now pointed thegun at Sebastian. 'I don't know what you're laughing about mate, I'm the one with the gun andI came here to fuck you up.'Everybody fell silent again, watching Dweazil as he stared hard at Sebastian, squintinghis eyes menacingly.'Ahh, fuck it all to hell!' he shouted and threw the gun in his lap. 'This is not how it wassupposed to go! I was supposed to get the jump on you, stick the gun in your face and watchyou kack yourself, but now the moment's completely gone!' He looked extremely dejectedand started staring at the floor.'Sooo, you're not going to kill me right at this moment?' Sebastian hesitantly inquired.202
'Nah, I'll get ya some other day ya bastard,' Dweazil replied sullenly. 'Just help me outof here before I change me mind.''Right you are,' Sebastian agreed, following up with a line he'd wanted to say for a longtime but never had the opportunity: 'Let's blow this popsicle stand.'This earned him a lot of strange looks, compelling him to explain the expression, whichhe hated. 'You know, popsicle as in ice-cream and stand as in... stand? And by blowing Imean... you know what, just forget it, let's go.' Now it was his turn to be miffed after his greatexit line had been ruined, leaving Bruno to secure the passcards, which the twins turned outto have, and Lars to help up the struggling Dweazil who was having trouble with his castsand bandages.They all exited the lab and managed to squeeze into the service elevator. As theypassed the twin Sebastian had shot between the eyes Angela gave Sebastian a mockdistrustful look. 'I thought you said you hated guns?''I do, I detest them, but I never said I wasn't any good with them,' he grinned back.They had the passcards to allow them to exit undetected, but it was better to play it safeand avoid the main entrance. Ten minutes later they were all standing next to Angela's car,except Dweazil who'd scurried off themoment they were outside the Tinycorp compound.Sebastian was looking wistfully at the towers through the open sides of the parking building.'Are you alright Sebastian?' Angela said.'Mmm? Oh. Yes, I'm fine,' he replied with a small smile. 'It's just that...well...I alwaysdreamt of being in a situation where I managed to save the day and then exit the building inthe nick of time just before it blew up. Optionally followed by a long passionate kiss with...whoever was there really. Female I hasten to add!''You mean something like this?' Franz' voice squawked from his wrist. A second later amassive explosion rocked the top of Tower 1 as the entire laboratory was incinerated.'That'll have to do,' Sebastian smiled. 'That'll have to do.'203
'No it won't,' Angela added, grabbing Sebastian by the lapels of his trench-coat andkissing him passionately while behind them the fire raged, sending plumes of smoke acrossChiswick.EpilogueThe first thing Sebastian became aware of as he regained consciousness was the soundof waves lapping against the shore, closely followed by the smell of sand, sun-lotion andpineapple. Slowly he opened his eyes, squinting against a bright sun shining from a clear bluesky. He was on a beach. The kind of beach you only saw in brochures and which was alwayspopulated by models. There were no models in sight though as the beach was completelyempty. As he looked around, suddenly a female form broke the surface of the water andstarted wading towards the shore. She was dark-haired, petite and the most beautiful womanhe had ever seen, and not just because she was wearing a bikini, although that certainly didn'tdetract from the experience.She made it to the beach and continued in a straight line for where Sebastian wassitting, making his heart race as she got closer and closer. After what seemed like an eternityshe was right in front of him, where she stopped and sat down astride his lap. From thisposition she put her hands behind his head, looked him deep in the eyes and leaned in for along, moist kiss. She tasted like strawberries.Sebastian half-expected her to disappear the moment their lips touched, but 10 secondsand a considerable amount of fluid exchange later she was still there, smiling at him. He wassitting in a beach chair, wearing Bermuda shorts with not a Fedora of a trench-coat in sight.'Hello my angel,' he said with a big smile.'Hello to you too Mr. Poe,' she replied, mirroring his smile.She was about to kiss him again when he pulled back slightly.204
'You know, it was really great the way Franz was able to hack Tinycorp with Halfie'shelp and erase all records of us being there, wasn't it? I mean, why didn't we think about howeasy it would be for them to look at the footage of the surveillance cameras and backtrack tofind out who had entered the building?' He made a "duh" expression.'Yes, quite,' Angela agreed and tried to kiss him, but once more he pulled back.'And it was also extremely nice of him to set us both up with several tons of cash fromhis estate, allowing us to take a long and, let's be honest, well deserved holiday on a privatebeach.'Angela nodded and attempted another kiss that was also thwarted.'It's just...''What?' she asked in mock annoyance.'Well... couldn't we have gone just by ourselves?'He turned and looked to his left where a small table was standing, Halfie sitting next toit, tongue lolling. On the table was a terminal with cables running all the way back to thebeach hut and on the screen was the smiling image of Franz winking at him.'Hello!' he said happily.Angela smiled and shook her head, ordered Halfie to turn around by way of theuniversal index finger stirring motion and resolutely flipped the terminal over so the screenfaced downwards, earning a muffled shout of disappointed protest from Franz.'Now,' she murmured, running her fingers through Sebastians hair. 'Where were we?'The End205
